A sociological comparative study by the Pew Research Center found that Jehovah 's Witnesses in the United States ranked highest in statistics for getting no further than high school graduation , belief in God , importance of religion in one 's life , frequency of religious attendance , frequency of prayers , frequency of Bible reading outside of religious services , belief their prayers are answered , belief that their religion can only be interpreted one way , belief that theirs is the only one true faith leading to eternal life , opposition to abortion , and opposition to homosexuality . In the study , Jehovah 's Witnesses ranked lowest in statistics for having earned a graduate degree and interest in politics .
Puritans were blocked from changing the established church from within , and were severely restricted in England by laws controlling the practice of religion . Their beliefs , however , were transported by the emigration of congregations to the Netherlands ( and later to New England ) , and by evangelical clergy to Ireland ( and later into Wales ) , and were spread into lay society and parts of the educational system , particularly certain colleges of the University of Cambridge . They took on distinctive beliefs about clerical dress and in opposition to the episcopal system , particularly after the 1619 conclusions of the Synod of Dort they were resisted by the English bishops . They largely adopted Sabbatarianism in the 17th century , and were influenced by millennialism .
After a visit to Brasília , the French writer Simone de Beauvoir complained that all of its superquadras exuded " the same air of elegant monotony , " and other observers have equated the city 's large open lawns , plazas , and fields to wastelands . As the city has matured , some of these have gained adornments , and many have been improved by landscaping , giving some observers a sense of " humanized " spaciousness . Although not fully accomplished , the " Brasília utopia " has produced a city of relatively high quality of life , in which the citizens live in forested areas with sporting and leisure structure ( the superquadras ) flanked by small commercial areas , bookstores and cafes ; the city is famous for its cuisine and efficiency of transit .
A national university is generally a university created or run by a national state but at the same time represents a state autonomic institution which functions as a completely independent body inside of the same state . Some national universities are closely associated with national cultural or political aspirations , for instance the National University of Ireland in the early days of Irish independence collected a large amount of information on the Irish language and Irish culture . Reforms in Argentina were the result of the University Revolution of 1918 and its posterior reforms by incorporating values that sought for a more equal and laic higher education system .
The province is home to several historical sites , including the Shalimar Gardens , the Lahore Fort , the Badshahi Mosque , the Rohtas Fort and the ruins of the ancient city of Harrapa . The Anarkali Market and Jahangir 's Tomb are prominent in the city of Lahore as is the Lahore Museum , while the ancient city of Taxila in the northwest was once a major centre of Buddhist and Hindu influence . Several important Sikh shrines are in the province , including the birthplace of the first Guru , Guru Nanak . ( born at Nankana Sahib ) . There are a few famous hill stations , including Murree , Bhurban , Patriata and Fort Munro .
In some countries , YouTube is completely blocked , either through a long term standing ban or for more limited periods of time such as during periods of unrest , the run-up to an election , or in response to upcoming political anniversaries . In other countries access to the website as a whole remains open , but access to specific videos is blocked . In cases where the entire site is banned due to one particular video , YouTube will often agree to remove or limit access to that video in order to restore service .
Between 1975 and 2009 , Olympic Airways ( known after 2003 as Olympic Airlines ) was the country ’ s state-owned flag carrier , but financial problems led to its privatization and relaunch as Olympic Air in 2009 . Both Aegean Airlines and Olympic Air have won awards for their services ; in 2009 and 2011 , Aegean Airlines was awarded the " Best regional airline in Europe " award by Skytrax , and also has two gold and one silver awards by the ERA , while Olympic Air holds one silver ERA award for " Airline of the Year " as well as a " Condé Nast Traveller 2011 Readers Choice Awards : Top Domestic Airline " award .
From early Christian times , hunting has been forbidden to Roman Catholic Church clerics . Thus the Corpus Juris Canonici ( C. ii , X , De cleric . venat . ) says , " We forbid to all servants of God hunting and expeditions through the woods with hounds ; and we also forbid them to keep hawks or falcons . " The Fourth Council of the Lateran , held under Pope Innocent III , decreed ( canon xv ) : " We interdict hunting or hawking to all clerics . " The decree of the Council of Trent is worded more mildly : " Let clerics abstain from illicit hunting and hawking " ( Sess . XXIV , De reform. , c. xii ) , which seems to imply that not all hunting is illicit , and canonists generally make a distinction declaring noisy ( clamorosa ) hunting unlawful , but not quiet ( quieta ) hunting .
Protestantism also spread from the German lands into France , where the Protestants were nicknamed Huguenots . Calvin continued to take an interest in the French religious affairs from his base in Geneva . He regularly trained pastors to lead congregations there . Despite heavy persecution , the Reformed tradition made steady progress across large sections of the nation , appealing to people alienated by the obduracy and the complacency of the Catholic establishment . French Protestantism came to acquire a distinctly political character , made all the more obvious by the conversions of nobles during the 1550s . This established the preconditions for a series of conflicts , known as the French Wars of Religion . The civil wars gained impetus with the sudden death of Henry II of France in 1559 . Atrocity and outrage became the defining characteristics of the time , illustrated at their most intense in the St. Bartholomew 's Day massacre of August 1572 , when the Roman Catholic party annihilated between 30,000 and 100,000 Huguenots across France . The wars only concluded when Henry IV of France issued the Edict of Nantes , promising official toleration of the Protestant minority , but under highly restricted conditions . Roman Catholicism remained the official state religion , and the fortunes of French Protestants gradually declined over the next century , culminating in Louis XIV 's Edict of Fontainebleau which revoked the Edict of Nantes and made Roman Catholicism the sole legal religion once again . In response to the Edict of Fontainebleau , Frederick William I , Elector of Brandenburg declared the Edict of Potsdam , giving free passage to Huguenot refugees . In the late 17th century many Huguenots fled to England , the Netherlands , Prussia , Switzerland , and the English and Dutch overseas colonies . A significant community in France remained in the Cévennes region .
Other microscopic procedures may also aid in identifying infectious agents . Almost all cells readily stain with a number of basic dyes due to the electrostatic attraction between negatively charged cellular molecules and the positive charge on the dye . A cell is normally transparent under a microscope , and using a stain increases the contrast of a cell with its background . Staining a cell with a dye such as Giemsa stain or crystal violet allows a microscopist to describe its size , shape , internal and external components and its associations with other cells . The response of bacteria to different staining procedures is used in the taxonomic classification of microbes as well . Two methods , the Gram stain and the acid-fast stain , are the standard approaches used to classify bacteria and to diagnosis of disease . The Gram stain identifies the bacterial groups Firmicutes and Actinobacteria , both of which contain many significant human pathogens . The acid-fast staining procedure identifies the Actinobacterial genera Mycobacterium and Nocardia .
Regional social norms are generally antagonistic to hunting , while a few sects , such as the Bishnoi , lay special emphasis on the conservation of particular species , such as the antelope . India 's Wildlife Protection Act of 1972 bans the killing of all wild animals . However , the Chief Wildlife Warden may , if satisfied that any wild animal from a specified list has become dangerous to human life , or is so disabled or diseased as to be beyond recovery , permit any person to hunt such an animal . In this case , the body of any wild animal killed or wounded becomes government property .
World literature was enriched by the works of Edmund Spenser , John Milton , John Bunyan , John Donne , John Dryden , Daniel Defoe , William Wordsworth , Jonathan Swift , Johann Wolfgang Goethe , Friedrich Schiller , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , Edgar Allan Poe , Matthew Arnold , Conrad Ferdinand Meyer , Theodor Fontane , Washington Irving , Robert Browning , Emily Dickinson , Emily Brontë , Charles Dickens , Nathaniel Hawthorne , Thomas Stearns Eliot , John Galsworthy , Thomas Mann , William Faulkner , John Updike , and many others .
Devise Minority Party Strategies . The minority leader , in consultation with other party colleagues , has a range of strategic options that he or she can employ to advance minority party objectives . The options selected depend on a wide range of circumstances , such as the visibility or significance of the issue and the degree of cohesion within the majority party . For instance , a majority party riven by internal dissension , as occurred during the early 1900s when Progressive and " regular " Republicans were at loggerheads , may provide the minority leader with greater opportunities to achieve his or her priorities than if the majority party exhibited high degrees of party cohesion . Among the variable strategies available to the minority party , which can vary from bill to bill and be used in combination or at different stages of the lawmaking process , are the following :
Protestants also took the initiative in advocating for religious freedom . Freedom of conscience had high priority on the theological , philosophical , and political agendas since Luther refused to recant his beliefs before the Diet of the Holy Roman Empire at Worms ( 1521 ) . In his view , faith was a free work of the Holy Spirit and could , therefore , not be forced on a person . The persecuted Anabaptists and Huguenots demanded freedom of conscience , and they practised separation of church and state . In the early seventeenth century , Baptists like John Smyth and Thomas Helwys published tracts in defense of religious freedom . Their thinking influenced John Milton and John Locke 's stance on tolerance . Under the leadership of Baptist Roger Williams , Congregationalist Thomas Hooker , and Quaker William Penn , respectively , Rhode Island , Connecticut , and Pennsylvania combined democratic constitutions with freedom of religion . These colonies became safe havens for persecuted religious minorities , including Jews . The United States Declaration of Independence , the United States Constitution , and the American Bill of Rights with its fundamental human rights made this tradition permanent by giving it a legal and political framework . The great majority of American Protestants , both clergy and laity , strongly supported the independence movement . All major Protestant churches were represented in the First and Second Continental Congresses . In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , the American democracy became a model for numerous other countries and regions throughout the world ( e.g. , Latin America , Japan , and Germany ) . The strongest link between the American and French Revolutions was Marquis de Lafayette , an ardent supporter of the American constitutional principles . The French Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen was mainly based on Lafayette 's draft of this document . The United Nations Declaration and Universal Declaration of Human Rights also echo the American constitutional tradition .
From early Christian times , hunting has been forbidden to Roman Catholic Church clerics . Thus the Corpus Juris Canonici ( C. ii , X , De cleric . venat . ) says , " We forbid to all servants of God hunting and expeditions through the woods with hounds ; and we also forbid them to keep hawks or falcons . " The Fourth Council of the Lateran , held under Pope Innocent III , decreed ( canon xv ) : " We interdict hunting or hawking to all clerics . " The decree of the Council of Trent is worded more mildly : " Let clerics abstain from illicit hunting and hawking " ( Sess . XXIV , De reform. , c. xii ) , which seems to imply that not all hunting is illicit , and canonists generally make a distinction declaring noisy ( clamorosa ) hunting unlawful , but not quiet ( quieta ) hunting .
Swayambhu is a Buddhist stupa atop a hillock at the northwestern part of the city . This is among the oldest religious sites in Nepal . Although the site is considered Buddhist , it is revered by both Buddhists and Hindus . The stupa consists of a dome at the base ; above the dome , there is a cubic structure with the eyes of Buddha looking in all four directions . [ clarification needed ] There are pentagonal Toran above each of the four sides , with statues engraved on them . Behind and above the torana there are thirteen tiers . Above all the tiers , there is a small space above which lies a gajur .
The funding and organization of universities varies widely between different countries around the world . In some countries universities are predominantly funded by the state , while in others funding may come from donors or from fees which students attending the university must pay . In some countries the vast majority of students attend university in their local town , while in other countries universities attract students from all over the world , and may provide university accommodation for their students .
In some cases and in some places the edicts were strictly enforced : some Christians resisted and were imprisoned or martyred . Others complied . Some local communities were not only pre-dominantly Christian , but powerful and influential ; and some provincial authorities were lenient , notably the Caesar in Gaul , Constantius Chlorus , the father of Constantine I. Diocletian 's successor Galerius maintained anti-Christian policy until his deathbed revocation in 311 , when he asked Christians to pray for him . " This meant an ofﬁcial recognition of their importance in the religious world of the Roman empire , although one of the tetrarchs , Maximinus Daia , still oppressed Christians in his part of the empire up to 313 . "
Humanists reacted against this utilitarian approach and the narrow pedantry associated with it . They sought to create a citizenry ( frequently including women ) able to speak and write with eloquence and clarity and thus capable of engaging the civic life of their communities and persuading others to virtuous and prudent actions . This was to be accomplished through the study of the studia humanitatis , today known as the humanities : grammar , rhetoric , history , poetry and moral philosophy . As a program to revive the cultural – and particularly the literary – legacy and moral philosophy of classical antiquity , Humanism was a pervasive cultural mode and not the program of a few isolated geniuses like Rabelais or Erasmus as is still sometimes popularly believed .
The Duke of York had required that every community in his new lands of New York and New Jersey support some church , but this was more often Dutch Reformed , Quaker or Presbyterian , than Anglican . Some chose to support more than one church . He also ordained that the tax-payers were free , having paid his local tax , to choose their own church . The terms for the surrender of New Amsterdam had provided that the Dutch would have liberty of conscience , and the Duke , as an openly divine-right Catholic , was no friend of Anglicanism . The first Anglican minister in New Jersey arrived in 1698 , though Anglicanism was more popular in New York .
Beginning with the advent of beat match DJing , in which Bronx DJs ( Disc Jockeys ) including Grandmaster Flash , Afrika Bambaataa and DJ Kool Herc extended the breaks of funk records , a major new musical genre emerged that sought to isolate the percussion breaks of hit funk , disco and soul songs . As hip hop 's popularity grew , performers began speaking ( " rapping " ) in sync with the beats , and became known as MCs or emcees . The Herculoids , made up of Herc , Coke La Rock , and DJ Clark Kent , were the earliest to gain major fame . The Bronx is referred to in hip-hop slang as " The Boogie Down Bronx " , or just " The Boogie Down " . This was hip-hop pioneer KRS-One 's inspiration for his thought provoking group BDP , or Boogie Down Productions , which included DJ Scott La Rock . Newer hip hop artists from the Bronx include Big Pun , Lord Toriq and Peter Gunz , Camp Lo , Swizz Beatz , Drag-On , Fat Joe , Terror Squad and Corey Gunz .
The religion 's failure to report abuse allegations to authorities has also been criticized . The Watch Tower Society 's policy is that elders inform authorities when required by law to do so , but otherwise leave that action up to the victim and his or her family . The Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse found that of 1006 alleged perpetrators of child sexual abuse identified by the Jehovah 's Witnesses within their organization since 1950 , " not one was reported by the church to secular authorities . " William Bowen , a former Jehovah 's Witness elder who established the Silentlambs organization to assist sex abuse victims within the religion , has claimed Witness leaders discourage followers from reporting incidents of sexual misconduct to authorities , and other critics claim the organization is reluctant to alert authorities in order to protect its " crime-free " reputation . In court cases in the United Kingdom and the United States the Watch Tower Society has been found to have been negligent in its failure to protect children from known sex offenders within the congregation and the Society has settled other child abuse lawsuits out of court , reportedly paying as much as $ 780,000 to one plaintiff without admitting wrongdoing .
In 1566 , the first police investigator of Rio de Janeiro was recruited . By the 17th century , most captaincies already had local units with law enforcement functions . On July 9 , 1775 a Cavalry Regiment was created in the state of Minas Gerais for maintaining law and order . In 1808 , the Portuguese royal family relocated to Brazil , because of the French invasion of Portugal . King João VI established the " Intendência Geral de Polícia " ( General Police Intendancy ) for investigations . He also created a Royal Police Guard for Rio de Janeiro in 1809 . In 1831 , after independence , each province started organizing its local " military police " , with order maintenance tasks . The Federal Railroad Police was created in 1852 .
In what will be the case is Town of Greece v. Galloway , 12-696 , the Supreme Court agreed to hear a case regarding whether prayers at town meetings , which are allowed , must allow various faiths to lead prayer , or whether the prayers can be predominately Christian . On May 5 , 2014 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 in favor of the Town of Greece by holding that the U.S. Constitution not only allows for prayer at government meetings , but also for sectarian prayers like predominately Christian prayers .
Eisenhower attended Abilene High School and graduated with the class of 1909 . As a freshman , he injured his knee and developed a leg infection that extended into his groin , and which his doctor diagnosed as life-threatening . The doctor insisted that the leg be amputated but Dwight refused to allow it , and miraculously recovered , though he had to repeat his freshman year . He and brother Edgar both wanted to attend college , though they lacked the funds . They made a pact to take alternate years at college while the other worked to earn the tuitions .
Roman religion was thus practical and contractual , based on the principle of do ut des , " I give that you might give . " Religion depended on knowledge and the correct practice of prayer , ritual , and sacrifice , not on faith or dogma , although Latin literature preserves learned speculation on the nature of the divine and its relation to human affairs . Even the most skeptical among Rome 's intellectual elite such as Cicero , who was an augur , saw religion as a source of social order . For ordinary Romans , religion was a part of daily life . Each home had a household shrine at which prayers and libations to the family 's domestic deities were offered . Neighborhood shrines and sacred places such as springs and groves dotted the city . The Roman calendar was structured around religious observances . Women , slaves , and children all participated in a range of religious activities . Some public rituals could be conducted only by women , and women formed what is perhaps Rome 's most famous priesthood , the state-supported Vestals , who tended Rome 's sacred hearth for centuries , until disbanded under Christian domination .
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping any animal , or pursuing or tracking it with the intent of doing so . Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . In the 2010s , lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching , which is the illegal killing , trapping or capture of the hunted species . The species that are hunted are referred to as game or prey and are usually mammals and birds .
Relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges for churches , the tax-free status of church property , the fact that Christmas is a federal holiday , etc. , have also been questioned , but have been considered examples of the governmental prerogative in deciding practical and beneficial arrangements for the society . The national motto " In God We Trust " has been challenged as a violation , but the Supreme Court has ruled that ceremonial deism is not religious in nature . A circuit court ruling affirmed Ohio 's right to use as its motto a passage from the Bible , " With God , all things are possible " , because it displayed no preference for a particular religion .
Within the diasporan Armenian community , there is an unofficial classification of the different kinds of Armenians . For example , Armenians who originate from Iran are referred to as Parskahay ( Պարսկահայ ) , while Armenians from Lebanon are usually referred to as Lipananahay ( Լիբանանահայ ) . Armenians of the Diaspora are the primary speakers of the Western dialect of the Armenian language . This dialect has considerable differences with Eastern Armenian , but speakers of either of the two variations can usually understand each other . Eastern Armenian in the diaspora is primarily spoken in Iran and European countries such as Ukraine , Russia , and Georgia ( where they form a majority in the Samtskhe-Javakheti province ) . In diverse communities ( such as in Canada and the U.S. ) where many different kinds of Armenians live together , there is a tendency for the different groups to cluster together .
Jehovah 's Witnesses is a millenarian restorationist Christian denomination with nontrinitarian beliefs distinct from mainstream Christianity . The group claims a worldwide membership of more than 8.2 million adherents involved in evangelism , convention attendance figures of more than 15 million , and an annual Memorial attendance of more than 19.9 million . Jehovah 's Witnesses are directed by the Governing Body of Jehovah 's Witnesses , a group of elders in Brooklyn , New York , which establishes all doctrines based on its interpretations of the Bible . They prefer to use their own translation , the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures , although their literature occasionally quotes and cites other translations . They believe that the destruction of the present world system at Armageddon is imminent , and that the establishment of God 's kingdom over the earth is the only solution for all problems faced by humanity .
On December 20 , 2005 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in the case of ACLU v. Mercer County that the continued display of the Ten Commandments as part of a larger display on American legal traditions in a Kentucky courthouse was allowed , because the purpose of the display ( educating the public on American legal traditions ) was secular in nature . In ruling on the Mount Soledad cross controversy on May 3 , 2006 , however , a federal judge ruled that the cross on public property on Mount Soledad must be removed .
Greece was accused of trying to cover up the extent of its massive budget deficit in the wake of the global financial crisis . The allegation was prompted by the massive revision of the 2009 budget deficit forecast by the new PASOK government elected in October 2009 , from " 6–8 % " ( estimated by the previous New Democracy government ) to 12.7 % ( later revised to 15.7 % ) . However , the accuracy of the revised figures has also been questioned , and in February 2012 the Hellenic Parliament voted in favor of an official investigation following accusations by a former member of the Hellenic Statistical Authority that the deficit had been artificially inflated in order to justify harsher austerity measures .
The epistemological tensions between scientists and universities were also heightened by the economic realities of research during this time , as individual scientists , associations and universities were vying for limited resources . There was also competition from the formation of new colleges funded by private benefactors and designed to provide free education to the public , or established by local governments to provide a knowledge hungry populace with an alternative to traditional universities . Even when universities supported new scientific endeavors , and the university provided foundational training and authority for the research and conclusions , they could not compete with the resources available through private benefactors .
Consistent with Calvin 's political ideas , Protestants created both the English and the American democracies . In seventeenth-century England , the most important persons and events in this process were the English Civil War , Oliver Cromwell , John Milton , John Locke , the Glorious Revolution , the English Bill of Rights , and the Act of Settlement . Later , the British took their democratic ideals to their colonies , e.g . Australia , New Zealand , and India . In North America , Plymouth Colony ( Pilgrim Fathers ; 1620 ) and Massachusetts Bay Colony ( 1628 ) practised democratic self-rule and separation of powers . These Congregationalists were convinced that the democratic form of government was the will of God . The Mayflower Compact was a social contract .
The name Anabaptist , meaning " one who baptizes again " , was given them by their persecutors in reference to the practice of re-baptizing converts who already had been baptized as infants . Anabaptists required that baptismal candidates be able to make their own confessions of faith and so rejected baptism of infants . The early members of this movement did not accept the name Anabaptist , claiming that since infant baptism was unscriptural and null and void , the baptizing of believers was not a re-baptism but in fact their first real baptism . As a result of their views on the nature of baptism and other issues , Anabaptists were heavily persecuted during the 16th century and into the 17th by both Magisterial Protestants and Roman Catholics . [ aa ] While most Anabaptists adhered to a literal interpretation of the Sermon on the Mount , which precluded taking oaths , participating in military actions , and participating in civil government , some who practiced re-baptism felt otherwise . [ ab ] They were thus technically Anabaptists , even though conservative Amish , Mennonites , and Hutterites and some historians tend to consider them as outside of true Anabaptism . Anabaptist reformers of the Radical Reformation are diveded into Radical and the so-called Second Front . Some important Radical Reformation theologians were John of Leiden , Thomas Müntzer , Kaspar Schwenkfeld , Sebastian Franck , Menno Simons . Second Front Reformers included Hans Denck , Conrad Grebel , Balthasar Hubmaier and Felix Manz .
Energy production in Greece is dominated by the Public Power Corporation ( known mostly by its acronym ΔΕΗ , or in English DEI ) . In 2009 DEI supplied for 85.6 % of all energy demand in Greece , while the number fell to 77.3 % in 2010 . Almost half ( 48 % ) of DEI 's power output is generated using lignite , a drop from the 51.6 % in 2009 . Another 12 % comes from Hydroelectric power plants and another 20 % from natural gas . Between 2009 and 2010 , independent companies ' energy production increased by 56 % , from 2,709 Gigawatt hour in 2009 to 4,232 GWh in 2010 .
In China , Yellow Emperor is regarded as the humanistic primogenitor . [ citation needed ] Sage kings such as Yao and Shun are humanistic figures as recorded . [ citation needed ] King Wu of Zhou has the famous saying : " Humanity is the Ling ( efficacious essence ) of the world ( among all ) . " Among them Duke of Zhou , respected as a founder of Rujia ( Confucianism ) , is especially prominent and pioneering in humanistic thought . His words were recorded in the Book of History as follows ( translation ) : [ citation needed ]
Small Armenian trading and religious communities have existed outside of Armenia for centuries . For example , a community has existed for over a millennium in the Holy Land , and one of the four quarters of the walled Old City of Jerusalem has been called the Armenian Quarter . An Armenian Catholic monastic community of 35 founded in 1717 exists on an island near Venice , Italy . There are also remnants of formerly populous communities in India , Myanmar , Thailand , Belgium , Portugal , Italy , Poland , Austria , Hungary , Bulgaria , Romania , Serbia , Ethiopia , Sudan and Egypt . [ citation needed ]
Angels in the Outfield was Eisenhower 's favorite movie . His favorite reading material for relaxation were the Western novels of Zane Grey . With his excellent memory and ability to focus , Eisenhower was skilled at card games . He learned poker , which he called his " favorite indoor sport , " in Abilene . Eisenhower recorded West Point classmates ' poker losses for payment after graduation , and later stopped playing because his opponents resented having to pay him . A classmate reported that after learning to play contract bridge at West Point , Eisenhower played the game six nights a week for five months .
The Duke of York had required that every community in his new lands of New York and New Jersey support some church , but this was more often Dutch Reformed , Quaker or Presbyterian , than Anglican . Some chose to support more than one church . He also ordained that the tax-payers were free , having paid his local tax , to choose their own church . The terms for the surrender of New Amsterdam had provided that the Dutch would have liberty of conscience , and the Duke , as an openly divine-right Catholic , was no friend of Anglicanism . The first Anglican minister in New Jersey arrived in 1698 , though Anglicanism was more popular in New York .
The western parts of the Bronx are hillier and are dominated by a series of parallel ridges , running south to north . The West Bronx has older apartment buildings , low income public housing complexes , multifamily homes in its lower income areas as well as larger single family homes in more affluent areas such as Riverdale and Fieldston . It includes New York City 's fourth largest park : Van Cortlandt Park along the Westchester-Bronx border . The Grand Concourse , a wide boulevard , runs through it , north to south .
When the U.S. entered World War I he immediately requested an overseas assignment but was again denied and then assigned to Ft. Leavenworth , Kansas . In February 1918 he was transferred to Camp Meade in Maryland with the 65th Engineers . His unit was later ordered to France but to his chagrin he received orders for the new tank corps , where he was promoted to brevet Lieutenant Colonel in the National Army . He commanded a unit that trained tank crews at Camp Colt – his first command – at the site of " Pickett 's Charge " on the Gettysburg , Pennsylvania Civil War battleground . Though Eisenhower and his tank crews never saw combat , he displayed excellent organizational skills , as well as an ability to accurately assess junior officers ' strengths and make optimal placements of personnel .
Regulation of hunting within the United States dates from the 19th century . Some modern hunters see themselves as conservationists and sportsmen in the mode of Theodore Roosevelt and the Boone and Crockett Club . Local hunting clubs and national organizations provide hunter education and help protect the future of the sport by buying land for future hunting use . Some groups represent a specific hunting interest , such as Ducks Unlimited , Pheasants Forever , or the Delta Waterfowl Foundation . Many hunting groups also participate in lobbying the federal government and state government .
Several countries have established their national churches , linking the ecclesiastical structure with the state . Jurisdictions where a Protestant denomination has been established as a state religion include several Nordic countries ; Denmark ( including Greenland ) , the Faroe Islands ( its church being independent since 2007 ) , Iceland and Norway have established Evangelical Lutheran churches . Tuvalu has the only established church in Reformed tradition in the world , while Tonga—in the Methodist tradition . The Church of England is the officially established religious institution in England , and also the Mother Church of the worldwide Anglican Communion .
After fourteen consecutive years of economic growth , Greece went into recession in 2008 . By the end of 2009 , the Greek economy faced the highest budget deficit and government debt-to-GDP ratios in the EU . After several upward revisions , the 2009 budget deficit is now estimated at 15.7 % of GDP . This , combined with rapidly rising debt levels ( 127.9 % of GDP in 2009 ) led to a precipitous increase in borrowing costs , effectively shutting Greece out of the global financial markets and resulting in a severe economic crisis .
The city 's planned design included specific areas for almost everything , including accommodation , Hotels Sectors North and South . New hotel facilities are being developed elsewhere , such as the hotels and tourism Sector North , located on the shores of Lake Paranoá . Brasília has a range of tourist accommodation from inns , pensions and hostels to larger international chain hotels . The city 's restaurants cater to a wide range of foods from local and regional Brazilian dishes to international cuisine .
The city has a unique status in Brazil , as it is an administrative division rather than a legal municipality like other cities in Brazil . The name 'Brasília ' is commonly used as a synonym for the Federal District through synecdoche ; However , the Federal District is composed of 31 administrative regions , only one of which is Brasília proper , with a population of 209,926 in a 2011 survey ; Demographic publications generally do not make this distinction and list the population of Brasília as synonymous with the population of the Federal District , considering the whole of it as its metropolitan area . The city was one of the main host cities of the 2014 FIFA World Cup . Additionally , Brasília hosted the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup .
On December 20 , 2005 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in the case of ACLU v. Mercer County that the continued display of the Ten Commandments as part of a larger display on American legal traditions in a Kentucky courthouse was allowed , because the purpose of the display ( educating the public on American legal traditions ) was secular in nature . In ruling on the Mount Soledad cross controversy on May 3 , 2006 , however , a federal judge ruled that the cross on public property on Mount Soledad must be removed .
During the French Revolution , and soon after , in Germany ( by the Left Hegelians ) , humanism began to refer to an ethical philosophy centered on humankind , without attention to the transcendent or supernatural . The designation Religious Humanism refers to organized groups that sprang up during the late-nineteenth and early twentieth centuries . It is similar to Protestantism , although centered on human needs , interests , and abilities rather than the supernatural . In the Anglophone world , such modern , organized forms of humanism , which are rooted in the 18th-century Enlightenment , have to a considerable extent more or less detached themselves from the historic connection of humanism with classical learning and the liberal arts .
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping any animal , or pursuing or tracking it with the intent of doing so . Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . In the 2010s , lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching , which is the illegal killing , trapping or capture of the hunted species . The species that are hunted are referred to as game or prey and are usually mammals and birds .
Regional social norms are generally antagonistic to hunting , while a few sects , such as the Bishnoi , lay special emphasis on the conservation of particular species , such as the antelope . India 's Wildlife Protection Act of 1972 bans the killing of all wild animals . However , the Chief Wildlife Warden may , if satisfied that any wild animal from a specified list has become dangerous to human life , or is so disabled or diseased as to be beyond recovery , permit any person to hunt such an animal . In this case , the body of any wild animal killed or wounded becomes government property .
Davies identifies Paine 's The Age of Reason as " the link between the two major narratives of what Jean-François Lyotard calls the narrative of legitimation " : the rationalism of the 18th-century Philosophes and the radical , historically based German 19th-century Biblical criticism of the Hegelians David Friedrich Strauss and Ludwig Feuerbach . " The first is political , largely French in inspiration , and projects 'humanity as the hero of liberty ' . The second is philosophical , German , seeks the totality and autonomy of knowledge , and stresses understanding rather than freedom as the key to human fulfilment and emancipation . The two themes converged and competed in complex ways in the 19th century and beyond , and between them set the boundaries of its various humanisms . Homo homini deus est ( " The human being is a god to humanity " or " god is nothing [ other than ] the human being to himself " ) , Feuerbach had written .
Law enforcement , however , constitutes only part of policing activity . Policing has included an array of activities in different situations , but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order . In some societies , in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , these developed within the context of maintaining the class system and the protection of private property . Many police forces suffer from police corruption to a greater or lesser degree . The police force is usually a public sector service , meaning they are paid through taxes .
Peel , widely regarded as the father of modern policing , was heavily influenced by the social and legal philosophy of Jeremy Bentham , who called for a strong and centralized , but politically neutral , police force for the maintenance of social order , for the protection of people from crime and to act as a visible deterrent to urban crime and disorder . Peel decided to standardise the police force as an official paid profession , to organise it in a civilian fashion , and to make it answerable to the public .
Politically , Calvin favoured a mixture of aristocracy and democracy . He appreciated the advantages of democracy : " It is an invaluable gift , if God allows a people to freely elect its own authorities and overlords . " Calvin also thought that earthly rulers lose their divine right and must be put down when they rise up against God . To further protect the rights of ordinary people , Calvin suggested separating political powers in a system of checks and balances ( separation of powers ) . Thus he and his followers resisted political absolutism and paved the way for the rise of modern democracy . Besides England , the Netherlands were , under Calvinist leadership , the freest country in Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries . It granted asylum to philosophers like Baruch Spinoza and Pierre Bayle . Hugo Grotius was able to teach his natural-law theory and a relatively liberal interpretation of the Bible .
But in the mid-18th century , during the French Enlightenment , a more ideological use of the term had come into use . In 1765 , the author of an anonymous article in a French Enlightenment periodical spoke of " The general love of humanity ... a virtue hitherto quite nameless among us , and which we will venture to call 'humanism ' , for the time has come to create a word for such a beautiful and necessary thing " . The latter part of the 18th and the early 19th centuries saw the creation of numerous grass-roots " philanthropic " and benevolent societies dedicated to human betterment and the spreading of knowledge ( some Christian , some not ) . After the French Revolution , the idea that human virtue could be created by human reason alone independently from traditional religious institutions , attributed by opponents of the Revolution to Enlightenment philosophes such as Rousseau , was violently attacked by influential religious and political conservatives , such as Edmund Burke and Joseph de Maistre , as a deification or idolatry of humanity . Humanism began to acquire a negative sense . The Oxford English Dictionary records the use of the word " humanism " by an English clergyman in 1812 to indicate those who believe in the " mere humanity " ( as opposed to the divine nature ) of Christ , i.e. , Unitarians and Deists . In this polarised atmosphere , in which established ecclesiastical bodies tended to circle the wagons and reflexively oppose political and social reforms like extending the franchise , universal schooling , and the like , liberal reformers and radicals embraced the idea of Humanism as an alternative religion of humanity . The anarchist Proudhon ( best known for declaring that " property is theft " ) used the word " humanism " to describe a " culte , déification de l ’ humanité " ( " worship , deification of humanity " ) and Ernest Renan in L ’ avenir de la science : pensées de 1848 ( " The Future of Knowledge : Thoughts on 1848 " ) ( 1848–49 ) , states : " It is my deep conviction that pure humanism will be the religion of the future , that is , the cult of all that pertains to humanity—all of life , sanctified and raised to the level of a moral value . "
Quakers , or Friends , are members of a family of religious movements collectively known as the Religious Society of Friends . The central unifying doctrine of these movements is the priesthood of all believers . Many Friends view themselves as members of a Christian denomination . They include those with evangelical , holiness , liberal , and traditional conservative Quaker understandings of Christianity . Unlike many other groups that emerged within Christianity , the Religious Society of Friends has actively tried to avoid creeds and hierarchical structures .
In June 2007 , YouTube began trials of a system for automatic detection of uploaded videos that infringe copyright . Google CEO Eric Schmidt regarded this system as necessary for resolving lawsuits such as the one from Viacom , which alleged that YouTube profited from content that it did not have the right to distribute . The system , which became known as Content ID , creates an ID File for copyrighted audio and video material , and stores it in a database . When a video is uploaded , it is checked against the database , and flags the video as a copyright violation if a match is found .
Valerian 's first religious edict singled out Christianity as a particularly self-interested and subversive foreign cult , outlawed its assemblies and urged Christians to sacrifice to Rome 's traditional gods . His second edict acknowledged a Christian threat to the Imperial system – not yet at its heart but close to it , among Rome ’ s equites and Senators . Christian apologists interpreted his disgraceful capture and death as divine judgement . The next forty years were peaceful ; the Christian church grew stronger and its literature and theology gained a higher social and intellectual profile , due in part to its own search for political toleration and theological coherence . Origen discussed theological issues with traditionalist elites in a common Neoplatonist frame of reference – he had written to Decius ' predecessor Philip the Arab in similar vein – and Hippolytus recognised a “ pagan ” basis in Christian heresies . The Christian churches were disunited ; Paul of Samosata , Bishop of Antioch was deposed by a synod of 268 for " dogmatic reasons – his doctrine on the human nature of Christ was rejected – and for his lifestyle , which reminded his brethren of the habits of the administrative elite " . The reasons for his deposition were widely circulated among the churches . Meanwhile , Aurelian ( 270-75 ) appealed for harmony among his soldiers ( concordia militum ) , stabilised the Empire and its borders and successfully established an official , Hellenic form of unitary cult to the Palmyrene Sol Invictus in Rome 's Campus Martius .
Rome 's government , politics and religion were dominated by an educated , male , landowning military aristocracy . Approximately half Rome 's population were slave or free non-citizens . Most others were plebeians , the lowest class of Roman citizens . Less than a quarter of adult males had voting rights ; far fewer could actually exercise them . Women had no vote . However , all official business was conducted under the divine gaze and auspices , in the name of the senate and people of Rome . " In a very real sense the senate was the caretaker of the Romans ’ relationship with the divine , just as it was the caretaker of their relationship with other humans " .
This branch of Protestantism is distinguished by belief in the baptism with the Holy Spirit as an experience separate from conversion that enables a Christian to live a Holy Spirit–filled and empowered life . This empowerment includes the use of spiritual gifts such as speaking in tongues and divine healing—two other defining characteristics of Pentecostalism . Because of their commitment to biblical authority , spiritual gifts , and the miraculous , Pentecostals tend to see their movement as reflecting the same kind of spiritual power and teachings that were found in the Apostolic Age of the early church . For this reason , some Pentecostals also use the term Apostolic or Full Gospel to describe their movement .
Protestantism is a form of Christian faith and practice which originated with the Protestant Reformation , [ a ] a movement against what its followers considered to be errors in the Roman Catholic Church . It is one of the three major divisions of Christendom , together with Roman Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy . Anglicanism is sometimes considered to be independent from Protestantism . [ b ] The term derives from the letter of protestation from Lutheran princes in 1529 against an edict condemning the teachings of Martin Luther as heretical .
Kathmandu had only one western-style restaurant in 1955 . A large number of restaurants in Kathmandu have since opened , catering Nepali cuisine , Tibetan cuisine , Chinese cuisine and Indian cuisine in particular . Many other restaurants have opened to accommodate locals , expatriates , and tourists . The growth of tourism in Kathmandu has led to culinary creativity and the development of hybrid foods to accommodate for tourists such as American chop suey , which is a sweet-and-sour sauce with crispy noodles with a fried egg commonly added on top and other westernized adaptations of traditional cuisine . Continental cuisine can be found in selected places . International chain restaurants are rare , but some outlets of Pizza Hut and KFC have recently opened there . It also has several outlets of the international ice-cream chain Baskin-Robbins
As the 1954 congressional elections approached , and it became evident that the Republicans were in danger of losing their thin majority in both houses , Eisenhower was among those blaming the Old Guard for the losses , and took up the charge to stop suspected efforts by the right wing to take control of the GOP . Eisenhower then articulated his position as a moderate , progressive Republican : " I have just one purpose ... and that is to build up a strong progressive Republican Party in this country . If the right wing wants a fight , they are going to get it ... before I end up , either this Republican Party will reflect progressivism or I wo n't be with them anymore . "
Law enforcement in Ancient China was carried out by " prefects " for thousands of years since it developed in both the Chu and Jin kingdoms of the Spring and Autumn period . In Jin , dozens of prefects were spread across the state , each having limited authority and employment period . They were appointed by local magistrates , who reported to higher authorities such as governors , who in turn were appointed by the emperor , and they oversaw the civil administration of their " prefecture " , or jurisdiction . Under each prefect were " subprefects " who helped collectively with law enforcement in the area . Some prefects were responsible for handling investigations , much like modern police detectives . Prefects could also be women . The concept of the " prefecture system " spread to other cultures such as Korea and Japan .
Steven Waldman notes that ; " The evangelicals provided the political muscle for the efforts of Madison and Jefferson , not merely because they wanted to block official churches but because they wanted to keep the spiritual and secular worlds apart . " " Religious freedom resulted from an alliance of unlikely partners , " writes the historian Frank Lambert in his book The Founding Fathers and the Place of Religion in America . " New Light evangelicals such as Isaac Bachus and John Leland joined forces with Deists and skeptics such as James Madison and Thomas Jefferson to fight for a complete separation of church and state . "
The exta were the entrails of a sacrificed animal , comprising in Cicero 's enumeration the gall bladder ( fel ) , liver ( iecur ) , heart ( cor ) , and lungs ( pulmones ) . The exta were exposed for litatio ( divine approval ) as part of Roman liturgy , but were " read " in the context of the disciplina Etrusca . As a product of Roman sacrifice , the exta and blood are reserved for the gods , while the meat ( viscera ) is shared among human beings in a communal meal . The exta of bovine victims were usually stewed in a pot ( olla or aula ) , while those of sheep or pigs were grilled on skewers . When the deity 's portion was cooked , it was sprinkled with mola salsa ( ritually prepared salted flour ) and wine , then placed in the fire on the altar for the offering ; the technical verb for this action was porricere .
In the United States and elsewhere in the world , there has been a marked rise in the evangelical wing of Protestant denominations , especially those that are more exclusively evangelical , and a corresponding decline in the mainstream liberal churches . In the post–World War I era , Liberal Christianity was on the rise , and a considerable number of seminaries held and taught from a liberal perspective as well . In the post–World War II era , the trend began to swing back towards the conservative camp in America 's seminaries and church structures .
Historians trace the earliest church labeled Baptist back to 1609 in Amsterdam , with English Separatist John Smyth as its pastor . In accordance with his reading of the New Testament , he rejected baptism of infants and instituted baptism only of believing adults . Baptist practice spread to England , where the General Baptists considered Christ 's atonement to extend to all people , while the Particular Baptists believed that it extended only to the elect . In 1638 , Roger Williams established the first Baptist congregation in the North American colonies . In the mid-18th century , the First Great Awakening increased Baptist growth in both New England and the South . The Second Great Awakening in the South in the early 19th century increased church membership , as did the preachers ' lessening of support for abolition and manumission of slavery , which had been part of the 18th-century teachings . Baptist missionaries have spread their church to every continent .
Michel Foucault claims that the contemporary concept of police as a paid and funded functionary of the state was developed by German and French legal scholars and practitioners in Public administration and Statistics in the 17th and early 18th centuries , most notably with Nicolas Delamare 's Traité de la Police ( " Treatise on the Police " ) , first published in 1705 . The German Polizeiwissenschaft ( Science of Police ) first theorized by Philipp von Hörnigk a 17th-century Austrian Political economist and civil servant and much more famously by Johann Heinrich Gottlob Justi who produced an important theoretical work known as Cameral science on the formulation of police . Foucault cites Magdalene Humpert author of Bibliographie der Kameralwissenschaften ( 1937 ) in which the author makes note of a substantial bibliography was produced of over 4000 pieces of the practice of Polizeiwissenschaft however , this maybe a mistranslation of Foucault 's own work the actual source of Magdalene Humpert states over 14,000 items were produced from the 16th century dates ranging from 1520-1850 .
There are also Christian movements which cross denominational lines and even branches , and can not be classified on the same level previously mentioned forms . Evangelicalism is a prominent example . Some of those movements are active exclusively within Protestantism , some are Christian-wide . Transdenominational movements are sometimes capable of affecting parts of the Roman Catholic Church , such as does it the Charismatic Movement , which aims to incorporate beliefs and practices similar to Pentecostals into the various branches of Christianity . Neo-charismatic churches are sometimes regarded as a subgroup of the Charismatic Movement . Nondenominational churches often adopt , or are akin to one of these movements .
There were also opponents to the support of any established church even at the state level . In 1773 , Isaac Backus , a prominent Baptist minister in New England , wrote against a state sanctioned religion , saying : " Now who can hear Christ declare , that his kingdom is , not of this world , and yet believe that this blending of church and state together can be pleasing to him ? " He also observed that when " church and state are separate , the effects are happy , and they do not at all interfere with each other : but where they have been confounded together , no tongue nor pen can fully describe the mischiefs that have ensued . " Thomas Jefferson 's influential Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom was enacted in 1786 , five years before the Bill of Rights .
Rome had a semi-divine ancestor in the Trojan refugee Aeneas , son of Venus , who was said to have established the nucleus of Roman religion when he brought the Palladium , Lares and Penates from Troy to Italy . These objects were believed in historical times to remain in the keeping of the Vestals , Rome 's female priesthood . Aeneas had been given refuge by King Evander , a Greek exile from Arcadia , to whom were attributed other religious foundations : he established the Ara Maxima , " Greatest Altar , " to Hercules at the site that would become the Forum Boarium , and he was the first to celebrate the Lupercalia , an archaic festival in February that was celebrated as late as the 5th century of the Christian era .
The Chief Deputy Whip is the primary assistant to the whip , who is the chief vote counter for his or her party . The current chief deputy majority whip is Republican Patrick McHenry . Within the House Republican Conference , the chief deputy whip is the highest appointed position and often a launching pad for future positions in the House Leadership . The House Democratic Conference has multiple chief deputy whips , led by a Senior Chief Deputy Whip , which is the highest appointed position within the House Democratic Caucus . The current senior chief deputy minority whip , John Lewis , has held his post since 1991 .
The trustees of Columbia University refused to accept Eisenhower 's resignation in December 1950 , when he took an extended leave from the university to become the Supreme Commander of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) , and he was given operational command of NATO forces in Europe . Eisenhower retired from active service as an Army general on May 31 , 1952 , and he resumed his presidency of Columbia . He held this position until January 20 , 1953 , when he became the President of the United States .
Other important Venetian mosaics can be found in the Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta in Torcello from the 12th century , and in the Basilical of Santi Maria e Donato in Murano with a restored apse mosaic from the 12th century and a beautiful mosaic pavement ( 1140 ) . The apse of the San Cipriano Church in Murano was decorated with an impressive golden mosaic from the early 13th century showing Christ enthroned with Mary , St John and the two patron saints , Cipriano and Cipriana . When the church was demolished in the 19th century , the mosaic was bought by Frederick William IV of Prussia . It was reassembled in the Friedenskirche of Potsdam in the 1840s .
Each congregation has a body of appointed unpaid male elders and ministerial servants . Elders maintain general responsibility for congregational governance , setting meeting times , selecting speakers and conducting meetings , directing the public preaching work , and creating " judicial committees " to investigate and decide disciplinary action for cases involving sexual misconduct or doctrinal breaches . New elders are appointed by a traveling overseer after recommendation by the existing body of elders . Ministerial servants—appointed in a similar manner to elders—fulfill clerical and attendant duties , but may also teach and conduct meetings . Witnesses do not use elder as a title to signify a formal clergy-laity division , though elders may employ ecclesiastical privilege such as confession of sins .
Other public festivals were not required by the calendar , but occasioned by events . The triumph of a Roman general was celebrated as the fulfillment of religious vows , though these tended to be overshadowed by the political and social significance of the event . During the late Republic , the political elite competed to outdo each other in public display , and the ludi attendant on a triumph were expanded to include gladiator contests . Under the Principate , all such spectacular displays came under Imperial control : the most lavish were subsidised by emperors , and lesser events were provided by magistrates as a sacred duty and privilege of office . Additional festivals and games celebrated Imperial accessions and anniversaries . Others , such as the traditional Republican Secular Games to mark a new era ( saeculum ) , became imperially funded to maintain traditional values and a common Roman identity . That the spectacles retained something of their sacral aura even in late antiquity is indicated by the admonitions of the Church Fathers that Christians should not take part .
The Ordovician Period started at a major extinction event called the Cambrian-Ordovician extinction events some time about 485.4 ± 1.9 Ma . During the Ordovician the southern continents were collected into a single continent called Gondwana . Gondwana started the period in the equatorial latitudes and , as the period progressed , drifted toward the South Pole . Early in the Ordovician the continents Laurentia , Siberia and Baltica were still independent continents ( since the break-up of the supercontinent Pannotia earlier ) , but Baltica began to move toward Laurentia later in the period , causing the Iapetus Ocean to shrink between them . Also , Avalonia broke free from Gondwana and began to head north toward Laurentia . The Rheic Ocean was formed as a result of this . By the end of the period , Gondwana had neared or approached the pole and was largely glaciated .
The indirect method of applying tesserae is often used for very large projects , projects with repetitive elements or for areas needing site specific shapes . Tiles are applied face-down to a backing paper using an adhesive , and later transferred onto walls , floors or craft projects . This method is most useful for extremely large projects as it gives the maker time to rework areas , allows the cementing of the tiles to the backing panel to be carried out quickly in one operation and helps ensure that the front surfaces of the mosaic tiles and mosaic pieces are flat and in the same plane on the front , even when using tiles and pieces of differing thicknesses . Mosaic murals , benches and tabletops are some of the items usually made using the indirect method , as it results in a smoother and more even surface .
The northwestern part of the South Asia , including Punjab , was repeatedly invaded or conquered by various foreign empires , such as those of Tamerlane , Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan . Having conquered Drangiana , Arachosia , Gedrosia and Seistan in ten days , Alexander crossed the Hindu Kush and was thus fully informed of the magnificence of the country and its riches in gold , gems and pearls . However , Alexander had to encounter and reduce the tribes on the border of Punjab before entering the luxuriant plains . Having taken a northeasterly direction , he marched against the Aspii ( mountaineers ) , who offered vigorous resistance , but were subdued . [ citation needed ] Alexander then marched through Ghazni , blockaded Magassa , and then marched to Ora and Bazira . Turning to the northeast , Alexander marched to Pucela , the capital of the district now known as Pakhli . He entered Western Punjab , where the ancient city of Nysa ( at the site of modern-day Mong ) was situated . A coalition was formed against Alexander by the Cathians , the people of Multan , who were very skilful in war . Alexander invested many troops , eventually killing seventeen thousand Cathians in this battle , and the city of Sagala ( present-day Sialkot ) was razed to the ground . Alexander left Punjab in 326 B.C . and took his army to the heartlands of his empire . [ citation needed ]
Today , Lutheranism is one of the largest branches of Protestantism . With approximately 80 million adherents , it constitutes the third most common Protestant confession after historically Pentecostal denominations and Anglicanism . The Lutheran World Federation , the largest global communion of Lutheran churches represents over 72 million people . Additionally , there are also many smaller bodies such as the International Lutheran Council and the Confessional Evangelical Lutheran Conference , as well as independent churches .
Protestantism also spread from the German lands into France , where the Protestants were nicknamed Huguenots . Calvin continued to take an interest in the French religious affairs from his base in Geneva . He regularly trained pastors to lead congregations there . Despite heavy persecution , the Reformed tradition made steady progress across large sections of the nation , appealing to people alienated by the obduracy and the complacency of the Catholic establishment . French Protestantism came to acquire a distinctly political character , made all the more obvious by the conversions of nobles during the 1550s . This established the preconditions for a series of conflicts , known as the French Wars of Religion . The civil wars gained impetus with the sudden death of Henry II of France in 1559 . Atrocity and outrage became the defining characteristics of the time , illustrated at their most intense in the St. Bartholomew 's Day massacre of August 1572 , when the Roman Catholic party annihilated between 30,000 and 100,000 Huguenots across France . The wars only concluded when Henry IV of France issued the Edict of Nantes , promising official toleration of the Protestant minority , but under highly restricted conditions . Roman Catholicism remained the official state religion , and the fortunes of French Protestants gradually declined over the next century , culminating in Louis XIV 's Edict of Fontainebleau which revoked the Edict of Nantes and made Roman Catholicism the sole legal religion once again . In response to the Edict of Fontainebleau , Frederick William I , Elector of Brandenburg declared the Edict of Potsdam , giving free passage to Huguenot refugees . In the late 17th century many Huguenots fled to England , the Netherlands , Prussia , Switzerland , and the English and Dutch overseas colonies . A significant community in France remained in the Cévennes region .
Hindu scriptures describe hunting as an acceptable occupation , as well as a sport of the kingly . Even figures considered godly are described to have engaged in hunting . One of the names of the god Shiva is Mrigavyadha , which translates as " the deer hunter " ( mriga means deer ; vyadha means hunter ) . The word Mriga , in many Indian languages including Malayalam , not only stands for deer , but for all animals and animal instincts ( Mriga Thrishna ) . Shiva , as Mrigavyadha , is the one who destroys the animal instincts in human beings . In the epic Ramayana , Dasharatha , the father of Rama , is said to have the ability to hunt in the dark . During one of his hunting expeditions , he accidentally killed Shravana , mistaking him for game . During Rama 's exile in the forest , Ravana kidnapped his wife , Sita , from their hut , while Rama was asked by Sita to capture a golden deer , and his brother Lakshman went after him . According to the Mahabharat , Pandu , the father of the Pandavas , accidentally killed the sage Kindama and his wife with an arrow , mistaking them for a deer . Krishna is said to have died after being accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter .
The Bronx is referred to , both legally and colloquially , with a definite article , as the Bronx . ( The County of Bronx , unlike the coextensive Borough of the Bronx , does not place the immediately before Bronx in formal references , nor does the United States Postal Service in its database of Bronx addresses . ) The name for this region , apparently after the Bronx River , first appeared in the Annexed District of the Bronx created in 1874 out of part of Westchester County and was continued in the Borough of the Bronx , which included a larger annexation from Westchester County in 1898 . The use of the definite article is attributed to the style of referring to rivers . Another explanation for the use of the definite article in the borough 's name is that the original form of the name was a possessive or collective one referring to the family , as in visiting The Broncks , The Bronck 's or The Broncks ' .
As the Reformers wanted all members of the church to be able to read the Bible , education on all levels got a strong boost . By the middle of the eighteenth century , the literacy rate in England was about 60 per cent , in Scotland 65 per cent , and in Sweden eight of ten men and women were able to read and to write . Colleges and universities were founded . For example , the Puritans who established Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1628 founded Harvard College only eight years later . About a dozen other colleges followed in the 18th century , including Yale ( 1701 ) . Pennsylvania also became a centre of learning .
Like other neighborhoods in New York City , the South Bronx has no official boundaries . The name has been used to represent poverty in the Bronx and applied to progressively more northern places so that by the 2000s Fordham Road was often used as a northern limit . The Bronx River more consistently forms an eastern boundary . The South Bronx has many high-density apartment buildings , low income public housing complexes , and multi-unit homes . The South Bronx is home to the Bronx County Courthouse , Borough Hall , and other government buildings , as well as Yankee Stadium . The Cross Bronx Expressway bisects it , east to west . The South Bronx has some of the poorest neighborhoods in the country , as well as very high crime areas .
Other public festivals were not required by the calendar , but occasioned by events . The triumph of a Roman general was celebrated as the fulfillment of religious vows , though these tended to be overshadowed by the political and social significance of the event . During the late Republic , the political elite competed to outdo each other in public display , and the ludi attendant on a triumph were expanded to include gladiator contests . Under the Principate , all such spectacular displays came under Imperial control : the most lavish were subsidised by emperors , and lesser events were provided by magistrates as a sacred duty and privilege of office . Additional festivals and games celebrated Imperial accessions and anniversaries . Others , such as the traditional Republican Secular Games to mark a new era ( saeculum ) , became imperially funded to maintain traditional values and a common Roman identity . That the spectacles retained something of their sacral aura even in late antiquity is indicated by the admonitions of the Church Fathers that Christians should not take part .
The territory now contained within Bronx County was originally part of Westchester County , one of the 12 original counties of the English Province of New York . The present Bronx County was contained in the town of Westchester and parts of the towns of Yonkers , Eastchester , and Pelham . In 1846 , a new town , West Farms , was created by division of Westchester ; in turn , in 1855 , the town of Morrisania was created from West Farms . In 1873 , the town of Kingsbridge ( roughly corresponding to the modern Bronx neighborhoods of Kingsbridge , Riverdale , and Woodlawn ) was established within the former borders of Yonkers .
^Note 2 : in 1789 the Georgia Constitution was amended as follows : " Article IV . Section 10 . No person within this state shall , upon any pretense , be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any manner agreeable to his own conscience , nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment ; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes , taxes , or any other rate , for the building or repairing any place of worship , or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry , contrary to what he believes to be right , or hath voluntarily engaged to do . No one religious society shall ever be established in this state , in preference to another ; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles . "
Examining the influence of humanism on scholars in medicine , mathematics , astronomy and physics may suggest that humanism and universities were a strong impetus for the scientific revolution . Although the connection between humanism and the scientific discovery may very well have begun within the confines of the university , the connection has been commonly perceived as having been severed by the changing nature of science during the scientific revolution . Historians such as Richard S. Westfall have argued that the overt traditionalism of universities inhibited attempts to re-conceptualize nature and knowledge and caused an indelible tension between universities and scientists . This resistance to changes in science may have been a significant factor in driving many scientists away from the university and toward private benefactors , usually in princely courts , and associations with newly forming scientific societies .
Non-religious Umayyad mosaic works were mainly floor panels which decorated the palaces of the caliphs and other high-ranking officials . They were closely modeled after the mosaics of the Roman country villas , once common in the Eastern Mediterranean . The most superb example can be found in the bath house of Hisham 's Palace , Palestine which was made around 744 . The main panel depicts a large tree and underneath it a lion attacking a deer ( right side ) and two deers peacefully grazing ( left side ) . The panel probably represents good and bad governance . Mosaics with classical geometric motifs survived in the bath area of the 8th-century Umayyad palace complex in Anjar , Lebanon . The luxurious desert residence of Al-Walid II in Qasr al-Hallabat ( in present-day Jordan ) was also decorated with floor mosaics that show a high level of technical skill . The best preserved panel at Hallabat is divided by a Tree of Life flanked by " good " animals on one side and " bad " animals on the other . Among the Hallabat representations are vine scrolls , grapes , pomegranates , oryx , wolves , hares , a leopard , pairs of partridges , fish , bulls , ostriches , rabbits , rams , goats , lions and a snake . At Qastal , near Amman , excavations in 2000 uncovered the earliest known Umayyad mosaics in present-day Jordan , dating probably from the caliphate of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan ( 685–705 ) . They cover much of the floor of a finely decorated building that probably served as the palace of a local governor . The Qastal mosaics depict geometrical patterns , trees , animals , fruits and rosettes . Except for the open courtyard , entrance and staircases , the floors of the entire palace were covered in mosaics .
The necessity and inerrancy were well-established ideas , garnering little criticism , though they later came under debate from outside during the Enlightenment . The most contentious idea at the time though was the notion that anyone could simply pick up the Bible and learn enough to gain salvation . Though the reformers were concerned with ecclesiology ( the doctrine of how the church as a body works ) , they had a different understanding of the process in which truths in scripture were applied to life of believers , compared to the Catholics ' idea that certain people within the church , or ideas that were old enough , had a special status in giving understanding of the text .
All over Europe rulers and city governments began to create universities to satisfy a European thirst for knowledge , and the belief that society would benefit from the scholarly expertise generated from these institutions . Princes and leaders of city governments perceived the potential benefits of having a scholarly expertise develop with the ability to address difficult problems and achieve desired ends . The emergence of humanism was essential to this understanding of the possible utility of universities as well as the revival of interest in knowledge gained from ancient Greek texts .
Though Jehovah 's Witnesses do not accept blood transfusions of whole blood , they may accept some blood plasma fractions at their own discretion . The Watch Tower Society provides pre-formatted durable power of attorney documents prohibiting major blood components , in which members can specify which allowable fractions and treatments they will personally accept . Jehovah 's Witnesses have established Hospital Liaison Committees as a cooperative arrangement between individual Jehovah 's Witnesses and medical professionals and hospitals .
As the election approached , other prominent citizens and politicians from both parties urged Eisenhower to run for president . In January 1948 , after learning of plans in New Hampshire to elect delegates supporting him for the forthcoming Republican National Convention , Eisenhower stated through the Army that he was " not available for and could not accept nomination to high political office " ; " life-long professional soldiers " , he wrote , " in the absence of some obvious and overriding reason , [ should ] abstain from seeking high political office " . Eisenhower maintained no political party affiliation during this time . Many believed he was forgoing his only opportunity to be president ; Republican Thomas E. Dewey was considered the other probable winner , would presumably serve two terms , and Eisenhower , at age 66 in 1956 , would then be too old .
On November 6 , 2013 , Google implemented a new comment system that requires all YouTube users to use a Google+ account in order to comment on videos and making the comment system Google+ oriented . The changes are in large part an attempt to address the frequent criticisms of the quality and tone of YouTube comments . They give creators more power to moderate and block comments , and add new sorting mechanisms to ensure that better , more relevant discussions appear at the top . The new system restored the ability to include URLs in comments , which had previously been removed due to problems with abuse . In response , YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim posted the question " why the fuck do I need a google+ account to comment on a video ? " on his YouTube channel to express his negative opinion of the change . The official YouTube announcement received 20,097 " thumbs down " votes and generated more than 32,000 comments in two days . Writing in the Newsday blog Silicon Island , Chase Melvin noted that " Google+ is nowhere near as popular a social media network as Facebook , but it 's essentially being forced upon millions of YouTube users who do n't want to lose their ability to comment on videos " and " Discussion forums across the Internet are already bursting with outcry against the new comment system " . In the same article Melvin goes on to say :
Public religion took place within a sacred precinct that had been marked out ritually by an augur . The original meaning of the Latin word templum was this sacred space , and only later referred to a building . Rome itself was an intrinsically sacred space ; its ancient boundary ( pomerium ) had been marked by Romulus himself with oxen and plough ; what lay within was the earthly home and protectorate of the gods of the state . In Rome , the central references for the establishment of an augural templum appear to have been the Via Sacra ( Sacred Way ) and the pomerium . Magistrates sought divine opinion of proposed official acts through an augur , who read the divine will through observations made within the templum before , during and after an act of sacrifice . Divine disapproval could arise through unfit sacrifice , errant rites ( vitium ) or an unacceptable plan of action . If an unfavourable sign was given , the magistrate could repeat the sacrifice until favourable signs were seen , consult with his augural colleagues , or abandon the project . Magistrates could use their right of augury ( ius augurum ) to adjourn and overturn the process of law , but were obliged to base their decision on the augur 's observations and advice . For Cicero , himself an augur , this made the augur the most powerful authority in the Late Republic . By his time ( mid 1st century BC ) augury was supervised by the college of pontifices , whose powers were increasingly woven into the magistracies of the cursus honorum .
There are also Christian movements which cross denominational lines and even branches , and can not be classified on the same level previously mentioned forms . Evangelicalism is a prominent example . Some of those movements are active exclusively within Protestantism , some are Christian-wide . Transdenominational movements are sometimes capable of affecting parts of the Roman Catholic Church , such as does it the Charismatic Movement , which aims to incorporate beliefs and practices similar to Pentecostals into the various branches of Christianity . Neo-charismatic churches are sometimes regarded as a subgroup of the Charismatic Movement . Nondenominational churches often adopt , or are akin to one of these movements .
^Note 2 : in 1789 the Georgia Constitution was amended as follows : " Article IV . Section 10 . No person within this state shall , upon any pretense , be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any manner agreeable to his own conscience , nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment ; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes , taxes , or any other rate , for the building or repairing any place of worship , or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry , contrary to what he believes to be right , or hath voluntarily engaged to do . No one religious society shall ever be established in this state , in preference to another ; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles . "
Eisenhower responded to the French defeat with the formation of the SEATO ( Southeast Asia Treaty Organization ) Alliance with the U.K. , France , New Zealand and Australia in defense of Vietnam against communism . At that time the French and Chinese reconvened Geneva peace talks ; Eisenhower agreed the U.S. would participate only as an observer . After France and the Communists agreed to a partition of Vietnam , Eisenhower rejected the agreement , offering military and economic aid to southern Vietnam . Ambrose argues that Eisenhower , by not participating in the Geneva agreement , had kept the U.S out of Vietnam ; nevertheless , with the formation of SEATO , he had in the end put the U.S. back into the conflict .
The northern side of the borough includes the largest park in New York City—Pelham Bay Park , which includes Orchard Beach—and the fourth largest , Van Cortlandt Park , which is west of Woodlawn Cemetery and borders Yonkers . Also in the northern Bronx , Wave Hill , the former estate of George W. Perkins—known for a historic house , gardens , changing site-specific art installations and concerts—overlooks the New Jersey Palisades from a promontory on the Hudson in Riverdale . Nearer the borough 's center , and along the Bronx River , is Bronx Park ; its northern end houses the New York Botanical Gardens , which preserve the last patch of the original hemlock forest that once covered the entire county , and its southern end the Bronx Zoo , the largest urban zoological gardens in the United States . Just south of Van Cortlandt Park is the Jerome Park Reservoir , surrounded by 2 miles ( 3 km ) of stone walls and bordering several small parks in the Bedford Park neighborhood ; the reservoir was built in the 1890s on the site of the former Jerome Park Racetrack . Further south is Crotona Park , home to a 3.3-acre ( 1.3 ha ) lake , 28 species of trees , and a large swimming pool . The land for these parks , and many others , was bought by New York City in 1888 , while land was still open and inexpensive , in anticipation of future needs and future pressures for development .
All sacrifices and offerings required an accompanying prayer to be effective . Pliny the Elder declared that " a sacrifice without prayer is thought to be useless and not a proper consultation of the gods . " Prayer by itself , however , had independent power . The spoken word was thus the single most potent religious action , and knowledge of the correct verbal formulas the key to efficacy . Accurate naming was vital for tapping into the desired powers of the deity invoked , hence the proliferation of cult epithets among Roman deities . Public prayers ( prex ) were offered loudly and clearly by a priest on behalf of the community . Public religious ritual had to be enacted by specialists and professionals faultlessly ; a mistake might require that the action , or even the entire festival , be repeated from the start . The historian Livy reports an occasion when the presiding magistrate at the Latin festival forgot to include the " Roman people " among the list of beneficiaries in his prayer ; the festival had to be started over . Even private prayer by an individual was formulaic , a recitation rather than a personal expression , though selected by the individual for a particular purpose or occasion .
As one of their first acts after end of the War of the Castilian Succession in 1479 , Ferdinand and Isabella established the centrally organized and efficient Holy Brotherhood ( Santa Hermandad ) as a national police force . They adapted an existing brotherhood to the purpose of a general police acting under officials appointed by themselves , and endowed with great powers of summary jurisdiction even in capital cases . The original brotherhoods continued to serve as modest local police-units until their final suppression in 1835 .
World War II ( 1939-1945 ) devastated the country 's economy , but the high levels of economic growth that followed from 1950 to 1980 have been called the Greek economic miracle . From 2000 Greece saw high levels of GDP growth above the Eurozone average , peaking at 5.8 % in 2003 and 5.7 % in 2006 . The subsequent Great Recession and Greek government-debt crisis , a central focus of the wider European debt crisis , plunged the economy into a sharp downturn , with real GDP growth rates of −0.3 % in 2008 , −4.3 % in 2009 , −5.5 % in 2010 , −9.1 % in 2011 , −7.3 % in 2012 and −3.2 % in 2013 . In 2011 , the country 's public debt reached €356 billion ( 172 % of nominal GDP ) . After negotiating the biggest debt restructuring in history with the private sector , Greece reduced its sovereign debt burden to €280 billion ( 137 % of GDP ) in the first quarter of 2012 . Greece achieved a real GDP growth rate of 0.7 % in 2014 after 6 years of economic decline , but fell back into recession in 2015 .
In the view of many associated with the Radical Reformation , the Magisterial Reformation had not gone far enough . Radical Reformer , Andreas von Bodenstein Karlstadt , for example , referred to the Lutheran theologians at Wittenberg as the " new papists " . Since the term " magister " also means " teacher " , the Magisterial Reformation is also characterized by an emphasis on the authority of a teacher . This is made evident in the prominence of Luther , Calvin , and Zwingli as leaders of the reform movements in their respective areas of ministry . Because of their authority , they were often criticized by Radical Reformers as being too much like the Roman Popes . A more political side of the Radical Reformation can be seen in the thought and practice of Hans Hut , although typically Anabaptism has been associated with pacifism .
The Nea Moni Monastery on Chios was established by Constantine Monomachos in 1043–1056 . The exceptional mosaic decoration of the dome showing probably the nine orders of the angels was destroyed in 1822 but other panels survived ( Theotokos with raised hands , four evangelists with seraphim , scenes from Christ 's life and an interesting Anastasis where King Salomon bears resemblance to Constantine Monomachos ) . In comparison with Osios Loukas Nea Moni mosaics contain more figures , detail , landscape and setting .
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping any animal , or pursuing or tracking it with the intent of doing so . Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . In the 2010s , lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching , which is the illegal killing , trapping or capture of the hunted species . The species that are hunted are referred to as game or prey and are usually mammals and birds .
The offices of elder and ministerial servant were restored to Witness congregations in 1972 , with appointments made from headquarters ( and later , also by branch committees ) . It was announced that , starting in September 2014 , appointments would be made by traveling overseers . In a major organizational overhaul in 1976 , the power of the Watch Tower Society president was diminished , with authority for doctrinal and organizational decisions passed to the Governing Body . Since Knorr 's death in 1977 , the position of president has been occupied by Frederick Franz ( 1977–1992 ) and Milton Henschel ( 1992–2000 ) , both members of the Governing Body , and since 2000 by Don A. Adams , not a member of the Governing Body . In 1995 , Jehovah 's Witnesses abandoned the idea that Armageddon must occur during the lives of the generation that was alive in 1914 and in 2013 changed their teaching on the " generation " .
Hunting also has a significant financial impact in the United States , with many companies specialising in hunting equipment or speciality tourism . Many different technologies have been created to assist hunters , even including iPhone applications . Today 's hunters come from a broad range of economic , social , and cultural backgrounds . In 2001 , over thirteen million hunters averaged eighteen days hunting , and spent over $ 20.5 billion on their sport . [ citation needed ] In the US , proceeds from hunting licenses contribute to state game management programs , including preservation of wildlife habitat .
In what will be the case is Town of Greece v. Galloway , 12-696 , the Supreme Court agreed to hear a case regarding whether prayers at town meetings , which are allowed , must allow various faiths to lead prayer , or whether the prayers can be predominately Christian . On May 5 , 2014 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 in favor of the Town of Greece by holding that the U.S. Constitution not only allows for prayer at government meetings , but also for sectarian prayers like predominately Christian prayers .
Starting in the 1970s , the Bronx often symbolized violence , decay , and urban ruin . The wave of arson in the South Bronx in the 1960s and 1970s inspired the observation that " The Bronx is burning " : in 1974 it was the title of both a New York Times editorial and a BBC documentary film . The line entered the pop-consciousness with Game Two of the 1977 World Series , when a fire broke out near Yankee Stadium as the team was playing the Los Angeles Dodgers . Numerous fires had previously broken out in the Bronx prior to this fire . As the fire was captured on live television , announcer Howard Cosell is wrongly remembered to have said something like , " There it is , ladies and gentlemen : the Bronx is burning " . Historians of New York City frequently point to Cosell 's remark as an acknowledgement of both the city and the borough 's decline . A new feature-length documentary film by Edwin Pagan called Bronx Burning is in production in 2006 , chronicling what led up to the numerous arson-for-insurance fraud fires of the 1970s in the borough .
Despite its tropical wet and dry climate , extensive irrigation makes it a rich agricultural region . Its canal-irrigation system established by the British is the largest in the world . Wheat and cotton are the largest crops . Other crops include rice , sugarcane , millet , corn , oilseeds , pulses , vegetables , and fruits such as kinoo . Livestock and poultry production are also important . Despite past animosities , the rural masses in Punjab 's farms continue to use the Hindu calendar for planting and harvesting .
For the popular taste however , light music , particularly Ghazals and folk songs , which have an appeal of their own , the names of Mehdi Hassan , Ghulam Ali , Nur Jehan , Malika Pukhraj , Farida Khanum , Roshen Ara Begum , and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan are well-known . Folk songs and dances of the Punjab reflect a wide range of moods : the rains , sowing and harvesting seasons . Luddi , Bhangra and Sammi depict the joy of living . Love legends of Heer Ranjha , Mirza Sahiban , Sohni Mahenwal and Saiful Mulk are sung in different styles .
In 2009 , Hispanic and Latino Americans represented 52.0 % of the Bronx 's population . Puerto Ricans represented 23.2 % of the borough 's population . Over 72,500 Mexicans lived in the Bronx , and they formed 5.2 % of the population . Cubans numbered over 9,640 members and formed 0.7 % of the population . In addition , over 319,000 people were of various Hispanic and Latino groups , such as Dominican , Salvadoran , and so on . These groups collectively represented 22.9 % of the population . At the 2010 Census , 53.5 % of Bronx 's population was of Hispanic , Latino , or Spanish origin ( they may be of any race ) . Asian Americans are a small but sizable minority in the borough . Roughly 49,600 Asians make up 3.6 % of the population . Roughly 13,600 Indians call the Bronx home , along with 9,800 Chinese , 6,540 Filipinos , 2,260 Vietnamese , 2,010 Koreans , and 1,100 Japanese .
But in the mid-18th century , during the French Enlightenment , a more ideological use of the term had come into use . In 1765 , the author of an anonymous article in a French Enlightenment periodical spoke of " The general love of humanity ... a virtue hitherto quite nameless among us , and which we will venture to call 'humanism ' , for the time has come to create a word for such a beautiful and necessary thing " . The latter part of the 18th and the early 19th centuries saw the creation of numerous grass-roots " philanthropic " and benevolent societies dedicated to human betterment and the spreading of knowledge ( some Christian , some not ) . After the French Revolution , the idea that human virtue could be created by human reason alone independently from traditional religious institutions , attributed by opponents of the Revolution to Enlightenment philosophes such as Rousseau , was violently attacked by influential religious and political conservatives , such as Edmund Burke and Joseph de Maistre , as a deification or idolatry of humanity . Humanism began to acquire a negative sense . The Oxford English Dictionary records the use of the word " humanism " by an English clergyman in 1812 to indicate those who believe in the " mere humanity " ( as opposed to the divine nature ) of Christ , i.e. , Unitarians and Deists . In this polarised atmosphere , in which established ecclesiastical bodies tended to circle the wagons and reflexively oppose political and social reforms like extending the franchise , universal schooling , and the like , liberal reformers and radicals embraced the idea of Humanism as an alternative religion of humanity . The anarchist Proudhon ( best known for declaring that " property is theft " ) used the word " humanism " to describe a " culte , déification de l ’ humanité " ( " worship , deification of humanity " ) and Ernest Renan in L ’ avenir de la science : pensées de 1848 ( " The Future of Knowledge : Thoughts on 1848 " ) ( 1848–49 ) , states : " It is my deep conviction that pure humanism will be the religion of the future , that is , the cult of all that pertains to humanity—all of life , sanctified and raised to the level of a moral value . "
The American bison is a large bovid which inhabited much of western North America prior to the 1800s , living on the prairies in large herds . However , the vast herds of bison attracted market hunters , who killed dozens of bison for their hides only , leaving the rest to rot . Thousands of these hunters quickly eliminated the bison herds , bringing the population from several million in the early 1800s to a few hundred by the 1880s . Conservation efforts have allowed the population to increase , but the bison remains near-threatened .
The Duke of York had required that every community in his new lands of New York and New Jersey support some church , but this was more often Dutch Reformed , Quaker or Presbyterian , than Anglican . Some chose to support more than one church . He also ordained that the tax-payers were free , having paid his local tax , to choose their own church . The terms for the surrender of New Amsterdam had provided that the Dutch would have liberty of conscience , and the Duke , as an openly divine-right Catholic , was no friend of Anglicanism . The first Anglican minister in New Jersey arrived in 1698 , though Anglicanism was more popular in New York .
In the absence of suitable plate culture techniques , some microbes require culture within live animals . Bacteria such as Mycobacterium leprae and Treponema pallidum can be grown in animals , although serological and microscopic techniques make the use of live animals unnecessary . Viruses are also usually identified using alternatives to growth in culture or animals . Some viruses may be grown in embryonated eggs . Another useful identification method is Xenodiagnosis , or the use of a vector to support the growth of an infectious agent . Chagas disease is the most significant example , because it is difficult to directly demonstrate the presence of the causative agent , Trypanosoma cruzi in a patient , which therefore makes it difficult to definitively make a diagnosis . In this case , xenodiagnosis involves the use of the vector of the Chagas agent T. cruzi , an uninfected triatomine bug , which takes a blood meal from a person suspected of having been infected . The bug is later inspected for growth of T. cruzi within its gut .
Politically , Calvin favoured a mixture of aristocracy and democracy . He appreciated the advantages of democracy : " It is an invaluable gift , if God allows a people to freely elect its own authorities and overlords . " Calvin also thought that earthly rulers lose their divine right and must be put down when they rise up against God . To further protect the rights of ordinary people , Calvin suggested separating political powers in a system of checks and balances ( separation of powers ) . Thus he and his followers resisted political absolutism and paved the way for the rise of modern democracy . Besides England , the Netherlands were , under Calvinist leadership , the freest country in Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries . It granted asylum to philosophers like Baruch Spinoza and Pierre Bayle . Hugo Grotius was able to teach his natural-law theory and a relatively liberal interpretation of the Bible .
By the end of the early modern period , the structure and orientation of higher education had changed in ways that are eminently recognizable for the modern context . Aristotle was no longer a force providing the epistemological and methodological focus for universities and a more mechanistic orientation was emerging . The hierarchical place of theological knowledge had for the most part been displaced and the humanities had become a fixture , and a new openness was beginning to take hold in the construction and dissemination of knowledge that were to become imperative for the formation of the modern state .
New Zealand has a strong hunting culture . The islands making up New Zealand originally had no land mammals apart from bats . However , once Europeans arrived , game animals were introduced by acclimatisation societies to provide New Zealanders with sport and a hunting resource . Deer , pigs , goats , rabbits , hare , tahr and chamois all adapted well to the New Zealand terrain , and with no natural predators , their population exploded . Government agencies view the animals as pests due to their effects on the natural environment and on agricultural production , but hunters view them as a resource .
Punjab during Mahabharata times was known as Panchanada . Punjab was part of the Indus Valley Civilization , more than 4000 years ago . The main site in Punjab was the city of Harrapa . The Indus Valley Civilization spanned much of what is today Pakistan and eventually evolved into the Indo-Aryan civilisation . The Vedic civilisation flourished along the length of the Indus River . This civilisation shaped subsequent cultures in South Asia and Afghanistan . Although the archaeological site at Harappa was partially damaged in 1857 when engineers constructing the Lahore-Multan railroad used brick from the Harappa ruins for track ballast , an abundance of artefacts have nevertheless been found . Punjab was part of the great ancient empires including the Gandhara Mahajanapadas , Achaemenids , Macedonians , Mauryas , Kushans , Guptas , and Hindu Shahi . It also comprised the Gujar empire for a period of time , otherwise known as the Gurjara-Pratihara empire . Agriculture flourished and trading cities ( such as Multan and Lahore ) grew in wealth .
Other historians find incongruity in the proposition that the very place where the vast number of the scholars that influenced the scientific revolution received their education should also be the place that inhibits their research and the advancement of science . In fact , more than 80 % of the European scientists between 1450–1650 included in the Dictionary of Scientific Biography were university trained , of which approximately 45 % held university posts . It was the case that the academic foundations remaining from the Middle Ages were stable , and they did provide for an environment that fostered considerable growth and development . There was considerable reluctance on the part of universities to relinquish the symmetry and comprehensiveness provided by the Aristotelian system , which was effective as a coherent system for understanding and interpreting the world . However , university professors still utilized some autonomy , at least in the sciences , to choose epistemological foundations and methods . For instance , Melanchthon and his disciples at University of Wittenberg were instrumental for integrating Copernican mathematical constructs into astronomical debate and instruction . Another example was the short-lived but fairly rapid adoption of Cartesian epistemology and methodology in European universities , and the debates surrounding that adoption , which led to more mechanistic approaches to scientific problems as well as demonstrated an openness to change . There are many examples which belie the commonly perceived intransigence of universities . Although universities may have been slow to accept new sciences and methodologies as they emerged , when they did accept new ideas it helped to convey legitimacy and respectability , and supported the scientific changes through providing a stable environment for instruction and material resources .
Renaissance humanism was an intellectual movement in Europe of the later Middle Ages and the Early Modern period . The 19th-century German historian Georg Voigt ( 1827–91 ) identified Petrarch as the first Renaissance humanist . Paul Johnson agrees that Petrarch was " the first to put into words the notion that the centuries between the fall of Rome and the present had been the age of Darkness " . According to Petrarch , what was needed to remedy this situation was the careful study and imitation of the great classical authors . For Petrarch and Boccaccio , the greatest master was Cicero , whose prose became the model for both learned ( Latin ) and vernacular ( Italian ) prose .
The ecumenical movement has had an influence on mainline churches , beginning at least in 1910 with the Edinburgh Missionary Conference . Its origins lay in the recognition of the need for cooperation on the mission field in Africa , Asia and Oceania . Since 1948 , the World Council of Churches has been influential , but ineffective in creating a united church . There are also ecumenical bodies at regional , national and local levels across the globe ; but schisms still far outnumber unifications . One , but not the only expression of the ecumenical movement , has been the move to form united churches , such as the Church of South India , the Church of North India , the US-based United Church of Christ , the United Church of Canada , the Uniting Church in Australia and the United Church of Christ in the Philippines which have rapidly declining memberships . There has been a strong engagement of Orthodox churches in the ecumenical movement , though the reaction of individual Orthodox theologians has ranged from tentative approval of the aim of Christian unity to outright condemnation of the perceived effect of watering down Orthodox doctrine .
Hindu scriptures describe hunting as an acceptable occupation , as well as a sport of the kingly . Even figures considered godly are described to have engaged in hunting . One of the names of the god Shiva is Mrigavyadha , which translates as " the deer hunter " ( mriga means deer ; vyadha means hunter ) . The word Mriga , in many Indian languages including Malayalam , not only stands for deer , but for all animals and animal instincts ( Mriga Thrishna ) . Shiva , as Mrigavyadha , is the one who destroys the animal instincts in human beings . In the epic Ramayana , Dasharatha , the father of Rama , is said to have the ability to hunt in the dark . During one of his hunting expeditions , he accidentally killed Shravana , mistaking him for game . During Rama 's exile in the forest , Ravana kidnapped his wife , Sita , from their hut , while Rama was asked by Sita to capture a golden deer , and his brother Lakshman went after him . According to the Mahabharat , Pandu , the father of the Pandavas , accidentally killed the sage Kindama and his wife with an arrow , mistaking them for a deer . Krishna is said to have died after being accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter .
There is usually an indication for a specific identification of an infectious agent only when such identification can aid in the treatment or prevention of the disease , or to advance knowledge of the course of an illness prior to the development of effective therapeutic or preventative measures . For example , in the early 1980s , prior to the appearance of AZT for the treatment of AIDS , the course of the disease was closely followed by monitoring the composition of patient blood samples , even though the outcome would not offer the patient any further treatment options . In part , these studies on the appearance of HIV in specific communities permitted the advancement of hypotheses as to the route of transmission of the virus . By understanding how the disease was transmitted , resources could be targeted to the communities at greatest risk in campaigns aimed at reducing the number of new infections . The specific serological diagnostic identification , and later genotypic or molecular identification , of HIV also enabled the development of hypotheses as to the temporal and geographical origins of the virus , as well as a myriad of other hypothesis . The development of molecular diagnostic tools have enabled physicians and researchers to monitor the efficacy of treatment with anti-retroviral drugs . Molecular diagnostics are now commonly used to identify HIV in healthy people long before the onset of illness and have been used to demonstrate the existence of people who are genetically resistant to HIV infection . Thus , while there still is no cure for AIDS , there is great therapeutic and predictive benefit to identifying the virus and monitoring the virus levels within the blood of infected individuals , both for the patient and for the community at large .
Multiracial Americans are also a sizable minority in the Bronx . People of multiracial heritage number over 41,800 individuals and represent 3.0 % of the population . People of mixed Caucasian and African American heritage number over 6,850 members and form 0.5 % of the population . People of mixed Caucasian and Native American heritage number over 2,450 members and form 0.2 % of the population . People of mixed Caucasian and Asian heritage number over 880 members and form 0.1 % of the population . People of mixed African American and Native American heritage number over 1,220 members and form 0.1 % of the population .
Punjab ( Urdu , Punjabi : پنجاب , panj-āb , " five waters " : listen ( help·info ) ) , also spelled Panjab , is the most populous of the four provinces of Pakistan . It has an area of 205,344 square kilometres ( 79,284 square miles ) and a population of 91.379.615 in 2011 , approximately 56 % of the country 's total population . Its provincial capital and largest city is Lahore . Punjab is bordered by the Indian states of Jammu and Kashmir to the northeast and Punjab and Rajasthan to the east . In Pakistan it is bordered by Sindh to the south , Balochistān and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west , and Islamabad and Azad Kashmir to the north .
In contrast to the Proterozoic , Archean rocks are often heavily metamorphized deep-water sediments , such as graywackes , mudstones , volcanic sediments and banded iron formations . Greenstone belts are typical Archean formations , consisting of alternating high- and low-grade metamorphic rocks . The high-grade rocks were derived from volcanic island arcs , while the low-grade metamorphic rocks represent deep-sea sediments eroded from the neighboring island frogs and deposited in a forearc basin . In short , greenstone belts represent sutured protocontinents .
The Augustan settlement built upon a cultural shift in Roman society . In the middle Republican era , even Scipio 's tentative hints that he might be Jupiter 's special protege sat ill with his colleagues . Politicians of the later Republic were less equivocal ; both Sulla and Pompey claimed special relationships with Venus . Julius Caesar went further , and claimed her as his ancestress . Such claims suggested personal character and policy as divinely inspired ; an appointment to priesthood offered divine validation . In 63 BC , Julius Caesar 's appointment as pontifex maximus " signaled his emergence as a major player in Roman politics " . Likewise , political candidates could sponsor temples , priesthoods and the immensely popular , spectacular public ludi and munera whose provision became increasingly indispensable to the factional politics of the Late Republic . Under the principate , such opportunities were limited by law ; priestly and political power were consolidated in the person of the princeps ( " first citizen " ) .
In 1808 Bavarian educational commissioner Friedrich Immanuel Niethammer coined the term Humanismus to describe the new classical curriculum he planned to offer in German secondary schools , and by 1836 the word " humanism " had been absorbed into the English language in this sense . The coinage gained universal acceptance in 1856 , when German historian and philologist Georg Voigt used humanism to describe Renaissance humanism , the movement that flourished in the Italian Renaissance to revive classical learning , a use which won wide acceptance among historians in many nations , especially Italy .
In the 1960 election to choose his successor , Eisenhower endorsed his own Vice President , Republican Richard Nixon against Democrat John F. Kennedy . He told friends , " I will do almost anything to avoid turning my chair and country over to Kennedy . " He actively campaigned for Nixon in the final days , although he may have done Nixon some harm . When asked by reporters at the end of a televised press conference to list one of Nixon 's policy ideas he had adopted , Eisenhower joked , " If you give me a week , I might think of one . I do n't remember . " Kennedy 's campaign used the quote in one of its campaign commercials . Nixon narrowly lost to Kennedy . Eisenhower , who was the oldest president in history at that time ( then 70 ) , was succeeded by the youngest elected president , as Kennedy was 43 .
There are also Christian movements which cross denominational lines and even branches , and can not be classified on the same level previously mentioned forms . Evangelicalism is a prominent example . Some of those movements are active exclusively within Protestantism , some are Christian-wide . Transdenominational movements are sometimes capable of affecting parts of the Roman Catholic Church , such as does it the Charismatic Movement , which aims to incorporate beliefs and practices similar to Pentecostals into the various branches of Christianity . Neo-charismatic churches are sometimes regarded as a subgroup of the Charismatic Movement . Nondenominational churches often adopt , or are akin to one of these movements .
Between 1832 and 2002 the currency of Greece was the drachma . After signing the Maastricht Treaty , Greece applied to join the eurozone . The two main convergence criteria were a maximum budget deficit of 3 % of GDP and a declining public debt if it stood above 60 % of GDP . Greece met the criteria as shown in its 1999 annual public account . On 1 January 2001 , Greece joined the eurozone , with the adoption of the euro at the fixed exchange rate ₯340.75 to €1 . However , in 2001 the euro only existed electronically , so the physical exchange from drachma to euro only took place on 1 January 2002 . This was followed by a ten-year period for eligible exchange of drachma to euro , which ended on 1 March 2012 .
The metro leaves the Rodoviária ( bus station ) and goes south , avoiding most of the political and tourist areas . The main purpose of the metro is to serve cities , such as Samambaia , Taguatinga and Ceilândia , as well as Guará and Águas Claras . The satellite cities served are more populated in total than the Plano Piloto itself ( the census of 2000 indicated that Ceilândia had 344,039 inhabitants , Taguatinga had 243,575 , whereas the Plano Piloto had approximately 400,000 inhabitants ) , and most residents of the satellite cities depend on public transportation .
They can also be armed with non-lethal ( more accurately known as " less than lethal " or " less-lethal " ) weaponry , particularly for riot control . Non-lethal weapons include batons , tear gas , riot control agents , rubber bullets , riot shields , water cannons and electroshock weapons . Police officers often carry handcuffs to restrain suspects . The use of firearms or deadly force is typically a last resort only to be used when necessary to save human life , although some jurisdictions ( such as Brazil ) allow its use against fleeing felons and escaped convicts . A " shoot-to-kill " policy was recently introduced in South Africa , which allows police to use deadly force against any person who poses a significant threat to them or civilians . With the country having one of the highest rates of violent crime , president Jacob Zuma states that South Africa needs to handle crime differently from other countries .
Haruspicy was also used in public cult , under the supervision of the augur or presiding magistrate . The haruspices divined the will of the gods through examination of entrails after sacrifice , particularly the liver . They also interpreted omens , prodigies and portents , and formulated their expiation . Most Roman authors describe haruspicy as an ancient , ethnically Etruscan " outsider " religious profession , separate from Rome 's internal and largely unpaid priestly hierarchy , essential but never quite respectable . During the mid-to-late Republic , the reformist Gaius Gracchus , the populist politician-general Gaius Marius and his antagonist Sulla , and the " notorious Verres " justified their very different policies by the divinely inspired utterances of private diviners . The senate and armies used the public haruspices : at some time during the late Republic , the Senate decreed that Roman boys of noble family be sent to Etruria for training in haruspicy and divination . Being of independent means , they would be better motivated to maintain a pure , religious practice for the public good . The motives of private haruspices – especially females – and their clients were officially suspect : none of this seems to have troubled Marius , who employed a Syrian prophetess .
In the 19th century , southern and central European sport hunters often pursued game only for a trophy , usually the head or pelt of an animal , which was then displayed as a sign of prowess . The rest of the animal was typically discarded . Some cultures , however , disapprove of such waste . In Nordic countries , hunting for trophies was—and still is—frowned upon . Hunting in North America in the 19th century was done primarily as a way to supplement food supplies , although it is now undertaken mainly for sport . [ citation needed ] The safari method of hunting was a development of sport hunting that saw elaborate travel in Africa , India and other places in pursuit of trophies . In modern times , trophy hunting persists and is a significant industry in some areas . [ citation needed ]
Armenians have had a presence in the Armenian Highland for over four thousand years , since the time when Hayk , the legendary patriarch and founder of the first Armenian nation , led them to victory over Bel of Babylon . Today , with a population of 3.5 million , they not only constitute an overwhelming majority in Armenia , but also in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh . Armenians in the diaspora informally refer to them as Hayastantsis ( Հայաստանցի ) , meaning those that are from Armenia ( that is , those born and raised in Armenia ) . They , as well as the Armenians of Iran and Russia speak the Eastern dialect of the Armenian language . The country itself is secular as a result of Soviet domination , but most of its citizens identify themselves as Apostolic Armenian Christian .
The Palácio do Planalto is the official workplace of the President of Brazil . It is located at the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília . As the seat of government , the term " Planalto " is often used as a metonym for the executive branch of government . The main working office of the President of the Republic is in the Palácio do Planalto . The President and his or her family do not live in it , rather in the official residence , the Palácio da Alvorada . Besides the President , senior advisors also have offices in the " Planalto , " including the Vice-President of Brazil and the Chief of Staff . The other Ministries are along the Esplanada dos Ministérios . The architect of the Palácio do Planalto was Oscar Niemeyer , creator of most of the important buildings in Brasília . The idea was to project an image of simplicity and modernity using fine lines and waves to compose the columns and exterior structures . The Palace is four stories high , and has an area of 36,000 m2 . Four other adjacent buildings are also part of the complex .
Religious law centered on the ritualised system of honours and sacrifice that brought divine blessings , according to the principle do ut des ( " I give , that you might give " ) . Proper , respectful religio brought social harmony and prosperity . Religious neglect was a form of atheism : impure sacrifice and incorrect ritual were vitia ( impious errors ) . Excessive devotion , fearful grovelling to deities and the improper use or seeking of divine knowledge were superstitio . Any of these moral deviations could cause divine anger ( ira deorum ) and therefore harm the State . The official deities of the state were identified with its lawful offices and institutions , and Romans of every class were expected to honour the beneficence and protection of mortal and divine superiors . Participation in public rites showed a personal commitment to their community and its values .
In the following century Ravenna , the capital of the Western Roman Empire , became the center of late Roman mosaic art ( see details in Ravenna section ) . Milan also served as the capital of the western empire in the 4th century . In the St Aquilinus Chapel of the Basilica of San Lorenzo , mosaics executed in the late 4th and early 5th centuries depict Christ with the Apostles and the Abduction of Elijah ; these mosaics are outstanding for their bright colors , naturalism and adherence to the classical canons of order and proportion . The surviving apse mosaic of the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio , which shows Christ enthroned between Saint Gervasius and Saint Protasius and angels before a golden background date back to the 5th and to the 8th century , although it was restored many times later . The baptistery of the basilica , which was demolished in the 15th century , had a vault covered with gold-leaf tesserae , large quantities of which were found when the site was excavated . In the small shrine of San Vittore in ciel d'oro , now a chapel of Sant'Ambrogio , every surface is covered with mosaics from the second half of the 5th century . Saint Victor is depicted in the center of the golden dome , while figures of saints are shown on the walls before a blue background . The low spandrels give space for the symbols of the four Evangelists .
In May 2007 , YouTube launched its Partner Program , a system based on AdSense which allows the uploader of the video to share the revenue produced by advertising on the site . YouTube typically takes 45 percent of the advertising revenue from videos in the Partner Program , with 55 percent going to the uploader . There are over a million members of the YouTube Partner Program . According to TubeMogul , in 2013 a pre-roll advertisement on YouTube ( one that is shown before the video starts ) cost advertisers on average $ 7.60 per 1000 views . Usually no more than half of eligible videos have a pre-roll advertisement , due to a lack of interested advertisers . Assuming pre-roll advertisements on half of videos , a YouTube partner would earn 0.5 X $ 7.60 X 55 % = $ 2.09 per 1000 views in 2013 .
The largest ethnic groups are Newar ( 29.6 % ) , Matwali ( 25.1 % Sunuwar , Gurung , Magars , Tamang etc . ) , Khas Brahmins ( 20.51 % ) and Chettris ( 18.5 % ) . Tamangs originating from surrounding hill districts can be seen in Kathmandu . More recently , other hill ethnic groups and Caste groups from Terai have come to represent a substantial proportion of the city 's population . The major languages are Nepali and Nepal Bhasa , while English is understood by many , particularly in the service industry . The major religions are Hinduism and Buddhism .
Very few early Byzantine mosaics survived the Iconoclastic destruction of the 8th century . Among the rare examples are the 6th-century Christ in majesty ( or Ezekiel 's Vision ) mosaic in the apse of the Church of Hosios David in Thessaloniki that was hidden behind mortar during those dangerous times . Nine mosaic panels in the Hagios Demetrios Church , which were made between 634 and 730 , also escaped destruction . Unusually almost all represent Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki , often with suppliants before him .
Although the structural model provided by the University of Paris , where student members are controlled by faculty " masters , " provided a standard for universities , the application of this model took at least three different forms . There were universities that had a system of faculties whose teaching addressed a very specific curriculum ; this model tended to train specialists . There was a collegiate or tutorial model based on the system at University of Oxford where teaching and organization was decentralized and knowledge was more of a generalist nature . There were also universities that combined these models , using the collegiate model but having a centralized organization .
The Taragaon Museum presents the modern history of the Kathmandu Valley . It seeks to document 50 years of research and cultural heritage conservation of the Kathmandu Valley , documenting what artists photographers architects anthropologists from abroad had contributed in the second half of the 20th century . The actual structure of the Museum showcases restoration and rehabilitation efforts to preserve the built heritage of Kathmandu . It was designed by Carl Pruscha ( master-planner of the Kathmandy Valley ) in 1970 and constructed in 1971 . Restoration works began in 2010 to rehabilitate the Taragaon hostel into the Taragaon Museum . The design uses local brick along with modern architectural design elements , as well as the use of circle , triangles and squares . The Museum is within a short walk from the Boudhnath stupa , which itself can be seen from the Museum tower .
The remains of a 6th-century synagogue have been uncovered in Sepphoris , which was an important centre of Jewish culture between the 3rd–7th centuries and a multicultural town inhabited by Jews , Christians and pagans . The mosaic reflects an interesting fusion of Jewish and pagan beliefs . In the center of the floor the zodiac wheel was depicted . Helios sits in the middle , in his sun chariot , and each zodiac is matched with a Jewish month . Along the sides of the mosaic are strips depicting Biblical scenes , such as the binding of Isaac , as well as traditional rituals , including a burnt sacrifice and the offering of fruits and grains .
Since then , tourism in Nepal has thrived ; it is the country 's most important industry . [ citation needed ] Tourism is a major source of income for most of the people in the city , with several hundred thousand visitors annually . Hindu and Buddhist pilgrims from all over the world visit Kathmandu 's religious sites such as Pashupatinath , Swayambhunath , Boudhanath and Budhanilkantha . From a mere 6,179 tourists in 1961/62 , the number jumped to 491,504 in 1999/2000 . Following the end of the Maoist insurgency , there was a significant rise of 509,956 tourist arrivals in 2009 . Since then , tourism has improved as the country turned into a Democratic Republic . In economic terms , the foreign exchange registered 3.8 % of the GDP in 1995/96 but then started declining [ why ? ] . The high level of tourism is attributed to the natural grandeur of the Himalayas and the rich cultural heritage of the country .
In 2003 , the remains of a mosaic pavement were discovered under the ruins of the Bizere Monastery near the River Mureş in present-day Romania . The panels depict real or fantastic animal , floral , solar and geometric representations . Some archeologists supposed that it was the floor of an Orthodox church , built some time between the 10th and 11th century . Other experts claim that it was part of the later Catholic monastery on the site because it shows the signs of strong Italianate influence . The monastery was situated that time in the territory of the Kingdom of Hungary .
Religious law centered on the ritualised system of honours and sacrifice that brought divine blessings , according to the principle do ut des ( " I give , that you might give " ) . Proper , respectful religio brought social harmony and prosperity . Religious neglect was a form of atheism : impure sacrifice and incorrect ritual were vitia ( impious errors ) . Excessive devotion , fearful grovelling to deities and the improper use or seeking of divine knowledge were superstitio . Any of these moral deviations could cause divine anger ( ira deorum ) and therefore harm the State . The official deities of the state were identified with its lawful offices and institutions , and Romans of every class were expected to honour the beneficence and protection of mortal and divine superiors . Participation in public rites showed a personal commitment to their community and its values .
The terms international policing , transnational policing , and/or global policing began to be used from the early 1990s onwards to describe forms of policing that transcended the boundaries of the sovereign nation-state ( Nadelmann , 1993 ) , ( Sheptycki , 1995 ) . These terms refer in variable ways to practices and forms for policing that , in some sense , transcend national borders . This includes a variety of practices , but international police cooperation , criminal intelligence exchange between police agencies working in different nation-states , and police development-aid to weak , failed or failing states are the three types that have received the most scholarly attention .
After fourteen consecutive years of economic growth , Greece went into recession in 2008 . By the end of 2009 , the Greek economy faced the highest budget deficit and government debt-to-GDP ratios in the EU . After several upward revisions , the 2009 budget deficit is now estimated at 15.7 % of GDP . This , combined with rapidly rising debt levels ( 127.9 % of GDP in 2009 ) led to a precipitous increase in borrowing costs , effectively shutting Greece out of the global financial markets and resulting in a severe economic crisis .
After 1517 , when the new invention of printing made these texts widely available , the Dutch humanist Erasmus , who had studied Greek at the Venetian printing house of Aldus Manutius , began a philological analysis of the Gospels in the spirit of Valla , comparing the Greek originals with their Latin translations with a view to correcting errors and discrepancies in the latter . Erasmus , along with the French humanist Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples , began issuing new translations , laying the groundwork for the Protestant Reformation . Henceforth Renaissance humanism , particularly in the German North , became concerned with religion , while Italian and French humanism concentrated increasingly on scholarship and philology addressed to a narrow audience of specialists , studiously avoiding topics that might offend despotic rulers or which might be seen as corrosive of faith . After the Reformation , critical examination of the Bible did not resume until the advent of the so-called Higher criticism of the 19th-century German Tübingen school .
Gun usage in hunting is typically regulated by game category , area within the state , and time period . Regulations for big-game hunting often specify a minimum caliber or muzzle energy for firearms . The use of rifles is often banned for safety reasons in areas with high population densities or limited topographic relief . Regulations may also limit or ban the use of lead in ammunition because of environmental concerns . Specific seasons for bow hunting or muzzle-loading black-powder guns are often established to limit competition with hunters using more effective weapons .
There are many other Protestant denominations that do not fit neatly into the mentioned branches , and are far smaller in membership . Some groups of individuals who hold basic Protestant tenets identify themselves simply as " Christians " or " born-again Christians " . They typically distance themselves from the confessionalism and/or creedalism of other Christian communities by calling themselves " non-denominational " or " evangelical " . Often founded by individual pastors , they have little affiliation with historic denominations .
The heyday of mosaic making in Sicily was the age of the independent Norman kingdom in the 12th century . The Norman kings adopted the Byzantine tradition of mosaic decoration to enhance the somewhat dubious legality of their rule . Greek masters working in Sicily developed their own style , that shows the influence of Western European and Islamic artistic tendencies . Best examples of Sicilian mosaic art are the Cappella Palatina of Roger II , the Martorana church in Palermo and the cathedrals of Cefalù and Monreale .
The Arsacid Kingdom of Armenia , itself a branch of the Arsacid dynasty of Parthia , was the first state to adopt Christianity as its religion ( it had formerly been adherent to Armenian paganism , which was influenced by Zoroastrianism , while later on adopting a few elements regarding identification of its pantheon with Greco-Roman deities ) . in the early years of the 4th century , likely AD 301 , partly in defiance of the Sassanids it seems . In the late Parthian period , Armenia was a predominantly Zoroastrian-adhering land , but by the Christianisation , previously predominant Zoroastrianism and paganism in Armenia gradually declined . Later on , in order to further strengthen Armenian national identity , Mesrop Mashtots invented the Armenian alphabet , in 405 AD . This event ushered the Golden Age of Armenia , during which many foreign books and manuscripts were translated to Armenian by Mesrop 's pupils . Armenia lost its sovereignty again in 428 AD to the rivalling Byzantine and Sassanid Persian empires , until the Muslim conquest of Persia overran also the regions in which Armenians lived .
Early Modern universities initially continued the curriculum and research of the Middle Ages : natural philosophy , logic , medicine , theology , mathematics , astronomy ( and astrology ) , law , grammar and rhetoric . Aristotle was prevalent throughout the curriculum , while medicine also depended on Galen and Arabic scholarship . The importance of humanism for changing this state-of-affairs can not be underestimated . Once humanist professors joined the university faculty , they began to transform the study of grammar and rhetoric through the studia humanitatis . Humanist professors focused on the ability of students to write and speak with distinction , to translate and interpret classical texts , and to live honorable lives . Other scholars within the university were affected by the humanist approaches to learning and their linguistic expertise in relation to ancient texts , as well as the ideology that advocated the ultimate importance of those texts . Professors of medicine such as Niccolò Leoniceno , Thomas Linacre and William Cop were often trained in and taught from a humanist perspective as well as translated important ancient medical texts . The critical mindset imparted by humanism was imperative for changes in universities and scholarship . For instance , Andreas Vesalius was educated in a humanist fashion before producing a translation of Galen , whose ideas he verified through his own dissections . In law , Andreas Alciatus infused the Corpus Juris with a humanist perspective , while Jacques Cujas humanist writings were paramount to his reputation as a jurist . Philipp Melanchthon cited the works of Erasmus as a highly influential guide for connecting theology back to original texts , which was important for the reform at Protestant universities . Galileo Galilei , who taught at the Universities of Pisa and Padua , and Martin Luther , who taught at the University of Wittenberg ( as did Melanchthon ) , also had humanist training . The task of the humanists was to slowly permeate the university ; to increase the humanist presence in professorships and chairs , syllabi and textbooks so that published works would demonstrate the humanistic ideal of science and scholarship .
A variety of industries benefit from hunting and support hunting on economic grounds . In Tanzania , it is estimated that a safari hunter spends fifty to one hundred times that of the average ecotourist . While the average photo tourist may seek luxury accommodation , the average safari hunter generally stays in tented camps . Safari hunters are also more likely to use remote areas , uninviting to the typical ecotourist . Advocates argue that these hunters allow for anti-poaching activities and revenue for local communities . [ citation needed ]
Rome 's government , politics and religion were dominated by an educated , male , landowning military aristocracy . Approximately half Rome 's population were slave or free non-citizens . Most others were plebeians , the lowest class of Roman citizens . Less than a quarter of adult males had voting rights ; far fewer could actually exercise them . Women had no vote . However , all official business was conducted under the divine gaze and auspices , in the name of the senate and people of Rome . " In a very real sense the senate was the caretaker of the Romans ’ relationship with the divine , just as it was the caretaker of their relationship with other humans " .
European higher education took place for hundreds of years in Christian cathedral schools or monastic schools ( scholae monasticae ) , in which monks and nuns taught classes ; evidence of these immediate forerunners of the later university at many places dates back to the 6th century . The earliest universities were developed under the aegis of the Latin Church by papal bull as studia generalia and perhaps from cathedral schools . It is possible , however , that the development of cathedral schools into universities was quite rare , with the University of Paris being an exception . Later they were also founded by Kings ( University of Naples Federico II , Charles University in Prague , Jagiellonian University in Kraków ) or municipal administrations ( University of Cologne , University of Erfurt ) . In the early medieval period , most new universities were founded from pre-existing schools , usually when these schools were deemed to have become primarily sites of higher education . Many historians state that universities and cathedral schools were a continuation of the interest in learning promoted by monasteries .
Kathmandu ( /ˌkɑːtmɑːnˈduː/ ; Nepali pronunciation : [ kɑʈʰmɑɳɖu ] ) is the capital and largest municipality of Nepal . It also hosts the headquarters of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) . It is the only city of Nepal with the administrative status of Mahanagar ( Metropolitan City ) , as compared to Upa-Mahanagar ( Sub-Metropolitan City ) or Nagar ( City ) . Kathmandu is the core of Nepal 's largest urban agglomeration located in the Kathmandu Valley consisting of Lalitpur , Kirtipur , Madhyapur Thimi , Bhaktapur and a number of smaller communities . Kathmandu is also known informally as " KTM " or the " tri-city " . According to the 2011 census , Kathmandu Metropolitan City has a population of 975,453 and measures 49.45 km2 ( 19.09 sq mi ) .
Regardless of the way the tension between universities , individual scientists , and the scientific revolution itself is perceived , there was a discernible impact on the way that university education was constructed . Aristotelian epistemology provided a coherent framework not simply for knowledge and knowledge construction , but also for the training of scholars within the higher education setting . The creation of new scientific constructs during the scientific revolution , and the epistemological challenges that were inherent within this creation , initiated the idea of both the autonomy of science and the hierarchy of the disciplines . Instead of entering higher education to become a " general scholar " immersed in becoming proficient in the entire curriculum , there emerged a type of scholar that put science first and viewed it as a vocation in itself . The divergence between those focused on science and those still entrenched in the idea of a general scholar exacerbated the epistemological tensions that were already beginning to emerge .
The Martorana church ( decorated around 1143 ) looked originally even more Byzantine although important parts were later demolished . The dome mosaic is similar to that of the Cappella Palatina , with Christ enthroned in the middle and four bowed , elongated angels . The Greek inscriptions , decorative patterns , and evangelists in the squinches are obviously executed by the same Greek masters who worked on the Cappella Palatina . The mosaic depicting Roger II of Sicily , dressed in Byzantine imperial robes and receiving the crown by Christ , was originally in the demolished narthex together with another panel , the Theotokos with Georgios of Antiochia , the founder of the church .
At the 2009 American Community Survey , Black Americans made the second largest group in the Bronx after Hispanics and Latinos . Blacks of both Hispanic and non-Hispanic origin represented over one-third ( 35.4 % ) of the Bronx 's population . Blacks of non-Hispanic origin made up 30.8 % of the population . Over 495,200 blacks resided in the borough , of which 430,600 were non-Hispanic blacks . Over 61,000 people identified themselves as " Sub-Saharan African " in the survey , making up 4.4 % of the population .
In 1963 , the Robbins Report on universities in the United Kingdom concluded that such institutions should have four main " objectives essential to any properly balanced system : instruction in skills ; the promotion of the general powers of the mind so as to produce not mere specialists but rather cultivated men and women ; to maintain research in balance with teaching , since teaching should not be separated from the advancement of learning and the search for truth ; and to transmit a common culture and common standards of citizenship . "
Observing that face-to-face communication of the type that online videos convey has been " fine-tuned by millions of years of evolution " , TED curator Chris Anderson referred to several YouTube contributors and asserted that " what Gutenberg did for writing , online video can now do for face-to-face communication " . Anderson asserted that it 's not far-fetched to say that online video will dramatically accelerate scientific advance , and that video contributors may be about to launch " the biggest learning cycle in human history . " In education , for example , the Khan Academy grew from YouTube video tutoring sessions for founder Salman Khan 's cousin into what Forbes ' Michael Noer called " the largest school in the world " , with technology poised to disrupt how people learn .
Two controversies during the campaign tested him and his staff , but did not affect the campaign . One involved a report that Nixon had improperly received funds from a secret trust . Nixon spoke out adroitly to avoid potential damage , but the matter permanently alienated the two candidates . The second issue centered on Eisenhower 's relented decision to confront the controversial methods of Joseph McCarthy on his home turf in a Wisconsin appearance . Just two weeks prior to the election , Eisenhower vowed to go to Korea and end the war there . He promised to maintain a strong commitment against Communism while avoiding the topic of NATO ; finally , he stressed a corruption-free , frugal administration at home .
Kirant Mundhum is one of the indigenous animistic practices of Nepal . It is practiced by Kirat people . Some animistic aspects of Kirant beliefs , such as ancestor worship ( worship of Ajima ) are also found in Newars of Kirant origin . Ancient religious sites believed to be worshipped by ancient Kirats , such as Pashupatinath , Wanga Akash Bhairabh ( Yalambar ) and Ajima are now worshipped by people of all Dharmic religions in Kathmandu . Kirats who have migrated from other parts of Nepal to Kathmandu practice Mundhum in the city .
Sociologist James A. Beckford , in his 1975 study of Jehovah 's Witnesses , classified the religion 's organizational structure as Totalizing , characterized by an assertive leadership , specific and narrow objectives , control over competing demands on members ' time and energy , and control over the quality of new members . Other characteristics of the classification include likelihood of friction with secular authorities , reluctance to co-operate with other religious organizations , a high rate of membership turnover , a low rate of doctrinal change , and strict uniformity of beliefs among members . Beckford identified the religion 's chief characteristics as historicism ( identifying historical events as relating to the outworking of God 's purpose ) , absolutism ( conviction that Jehovah 's Witness leaders dispense absolute truth ) , activism ( capacity to motivate members to perform missionary tasks ) , rationalism ( conviction that Witness doctrines have a rational basis devoid of mystery ) , authoritarianism ( rigid presentation of regulations without the opportunity for criticism ) and world indifference ( rejection of certain secular requirements and medical treatments ) .
Mosaic art also flourished in Christian Petra where three Byzantine churches were discovered . The most important one was uncovered in 1990 . It is known that the walls were also covered with golden glass mosaics but only the floor panels survived as usual . The mosaic of the seasons in the southern aisle is from this first building period from the middle of the 5th century . In the first half of the 6th century the mosaics of the northern aisle and the eastern end of the southern aisle were installed . They depict native as well as exotic or mythological animals , and personifications of the Seasons , Ocean , Earth and Wisdom .
In May 2007 , YouTube launched its Partner Program , a system based on AdSense which allows the uploader of the video to share the revenue produced by advertising on the site . YouTube typically takes 45 percent of the advertising revenue from videos in the Partner Program , with 55 percent going to the uploader . There are over a million members of the YouTube Partner Program . According to TubeMogul , in 2013 a pre-roll advertisement on YouTube ( one that is shown before the video starts ) cost advertisers on average $ 7.60 per 1000 views . Usually no more than half of eligible videos have a pre-roll advertisement , due to a lack of interested advertisers . Assuming pre-roll advertisements on half of videos , a YouTube partner would earn 0.5 X $ 7.60 X 55 % = $ 2.09 per 1000 views in 2013 .
The development of the Bronx is directly connected to its strategic location between New England and New York ( Manhattan ) . Control over the bridges across the Harlem River plagued the period of British colonial rule . Kingsbridge , built in 1693 where Broadway reached the Spuyten Duyvil Creek , was a possession of Frederick Philipse , lord of Philipse Manor . The tolls were resented by local farmers on both sides of the creek . In 1759 , the farmers led by Jacobus Dyckman and Benjamin Palmer built a " free bridge " across the Harlem River which led to the abandonment of tolls altogether .
South America became linked to North America through the Isthmus of Panama during the Pliocene , bringing a nearly complete end to South America 's distinctive marsupial faunas . The formation of the Isthmus had major consequences on global temperatures , since warm equatorial ocean currents were cut off and an Atlantic cooling cycle began , with cold Arctic and Antarctic waters dropping temperatures in the now-isolated Atlantic Ocean . Africa 's collision with Europe formed the Mediterranean Sea , cutting off the remnants of the Tethys Ocean . Sea level changes exposed the land-bridge between Alaska and Asia . Near the end of the Pliocene , about 2.58 million years ago ( the start of the Quaternary Period ) , the current ice age began . The polar regions have since undergone repeated cycles of glaciation and thaw , repeating every 40,000–100,000 years .
The required beliefs of these clauses include belief in a Supreme Being and belief in a future state of rewards and punishments . ( Tennessee Constitution Article IX , Section 2 is one such example . ) Some of these same states specify that the oath of office include the words " so help me God . " In some cases these beliefs ( or oaths ) were historically required of jurors and witnesses in court . At one time , such restrictions were allowed under the doctrine of states ' rights ; today they are deemed to be in violation of the federal First Amendment , as applied to the states via the 14th amendment , and hence unconstitutional and unenforceable .
In terms of ship categories , Greek companies have 22.6 % of the world 's tankers and 16.1 % of the world 's bulk carriers ( in dwt ) . An additional equivalent of 27.45 % of the world 's tanker dwt is on order , with another 12.7 % of bulk carriers also on order . Shipping accounts for an estimated 6 % of Greek GDP , employs about 160,000 people ( 4 % of the workforce ) , and represents 1/3 of the country 's trade deficit . Earnings from shipping amounted to €14.1 billion in 2011 , while between 2000 and 2010 Greek shipping contributed a total of €140 billion ( half of the country 's public debt in 2009 and 3.5 times the receipts from the European Union in the period 2000–2013 ) . The 2011 ECSA report showed that there are approximately 750 Greek shipping companies in operation .
Excessive devotion and enthusiasm in religious observance were superstitio , in the sense of " doing or believing more than was necessary " , to which women and foreigners were considered particularly prone . The boundaries between religio and superstitio are perhaps indefinite . The famous tirade of Lucretius , the Epicurean rationalist , against what is usually translated as " superstition " was in fact aimed at excessive religio . Roman religion was based on knowledge rather than faith , but superstitio was viewed as an " inappropriate desire for knowledge " ; in effect , an abuse of religio .
Perhaps the greatest question regarding the future development of transnational policing is : in whose interest is it ? At a more practical level , the question translates into one about how to make transnational policing institutions democratically accountable ( Sheptycki , 2004 ) . For example , according to the Global Accountability Report for 2007 ( Lloyd , et al . 2007 ) Interpol had the lowest scores in its category ( IGOs ) , coming in tenth with a score of 22 % on overall accountability capabilities ( p. 19 ) . As this report points out , and the existing academic literature on transnational policing seems to confirm , this is a secretive area and one not open to civil society involvement .
Kathmandu is home to a number of museums and art galleries , including the National Museum of Nepal and the Natural History Museum of Nepal . Nepal 's art and architecture is an amalgamation of two ancient religions , Hinduism and Buddhhism . These are amply reflected in the many temples , shrines , stupas , monasteries , and palaces in the seven well-defined Monument Zones of the Kathmandu valley are part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site . This amalgamation is also reflected in the planning and exhibitions in museums and art galleries throughout Kathmandu and its sister cities of Patan and Bhaktapur . The museums display unique artifacts and paintings from the 5th century CE to the present day , including archeological exportation .
Armenian literature dates back to 400 AD , when Mesrop Mashtots first invented the Armenian alphabet . This period of time is often viewed as the Golden Age of Armenian literature . Early Armenian literature was written by the " father of Armenian history " , Moses of Chorene , who authored The History of Armenia . The book covers the time-frame from the formation of the Armenian people to the fifth century AD . The nineteenth century beheld a great literary movement that was to give rise to modern Armenian literature . This period of time , during which Armenian culture flourished , is known as the Revival period ( Zartonki sherchan ) . The Revivalist authors of Constantinople and Tiflis , almost identical to the Romanticists of Europe , were interested in encouraging Armenian nationalism . Most of them adopted the newly created Eastern or Western variants of the Armenian language depending on the targeted audience , and preferred them over classical Armenian ( grabar ) . This period ended after the Hamidian massacres , when Armenians experienced turbulent times . As Armenian history of the 1920s and of the Genocide came to be more openly discussed , writers like Paruyr Sevak , Gevork Emin , Silva Kaputikyan and Hovhannes Shiraz began a new era of literature .
The great Navicella mosaic ( 1305–1313 ) in the atrium of the Old St. Peter 's is attributed to Giotto di Bondone . The giant mosaic , commissioned by Cardinal Jacopo Stefaneschi , was originally situated on the eastern porch of the old basilica and occupied the whole wall above the entrance arcade facing the courtyard . It depicted St. Peter walking on the waters . This extraordinary work was mainly destroyed during the construction of the new St. Peter 's in the 17th century . Navicella means " little ship " referring to the large boat which dominated the scene , and whose sail , filled by the storm , loomed over the horizon . Such a natural representation of a seascape was known only from ancient works of art .
This makes for a large number of takeoffs and landings and it is not unusual for flights to be delayed in the holding pattern before landing . Following the airport 's master plan , Infraero built a second runway , which was finished in 2006 . In 2007 , the airport handled 11,119,872 passengers . The main building 's third floor , with 12 thousand square meters , has a panoramic deck , a food court , shops , four movie theatres with total capacity of 500 people , and space for exhibitions . Brasília Airport has 136 vendor spaces . The airport is located about 11 km ( 6.8 mi ) from the central area of Brasília , outside the metro system . The area outside the airport 's main gate is lined with taxis as well as several bus line services which connect the airport to Brasília 's central district . The parking lot accommodates 1,200 cars . The airport is serviced by domestic and regional airlines ( TAM , GOL , Azul , WebJET , Trip and Avianca ) , in addition to a number of international carriers . In 2012 , Brasília 's International Airport was won by the InfrAmerica consortium , formed by the Brazilian engineering company ENGEVIX and the Argentine Corporacion America holding company , with a 50 % stake each . During the 25-year concession , the airport may be expanded to up to 40 million passengers a year .
J. Brent Walker , Executive Director of the Baptist Joint Committee , responded to Hamburger 's claims noting ; " The fact that the separation of church and state has been supported by some who exhibited an anti-Catholic animus or a secularist bent does not impugn the validity of the principle . Champions of religious liberty have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having nothing to do with anti-Catholicism or desire for a secular culture . Of course , separationists have opposed the Catholic Church when it has sought to tap into the public till to support its parochial schools or to argue for on-campus released time in the public schools . But that principled debate on the issues does not support a charge of religious bigotry "
After 539 Ravenna was reconquered by the Romans in the form of the Eastern Roman Empire ( Byzantine Empire ) and became the seat of the Exarchate of Ravenna . The greatest development of Christian mosaics unfolded in the second half of the 6th century . Outstanding examples of Byzantine mosaic art are the later phase mosaics in the Basilica of San Vitale and Basilica of Sant'Apollinare Nuovo . The mosaic depicting Emperor Saint Justinian I and Empress Theodora in the Basilica of San Vitale were executed shortly after the Byzantine conquest . The mosaics of the Basilica of Sant'Apollinare in Classe were made around 549 . The anti-Arian theme is obvious in the apse mosaic of San Michele in Affricisco , executed in 545–547 ( largely destroyed ; the remains in Berlin ) .
They can also be armed with non-lethal ( more accurately known as " less than lethal " or " less-lethal " ) weaponry , particularly for riot control . Non-lethal weapons include batons , tear gas , riot control agents , rubber bullets , riot shields , water cannons and electroshock weapons . Police officers often carry handcuffs to restrain suspects . The use of firearms or deadly force is typically a last resort only to be used when necessary to save human life , although some jurisdictions ( such as Brazil ) allow its use against fleeing felons and escaped convicts . A " shoot-to-kill " policy was recently introduced in South Africa , which allows police to use deadly force against any person who poses a significant threat to them or civilians . With the country having one of the highest rates of violent crime , president Jacob Zuma states that South Africa needs to handle crime differently from other countries .
Once the coastal assault had succeeded , Eisenhower insisted on retaining personal control over the land battle strategy , and was immersed in the command and supply of multiple assaults through France on Germany . Field Marshal Montgomery insisted priority be given to his 21st Army Group 's attack being made in the north , while Generals Bradley ( 12th U.S. Army Group ) and Devers ( Sixth U.S. Army Group ) insisted they be given priority in the center and south of the front ( respectively ) . Eisenhower worked tirelessly to address the demands of the rival commanders to optimize Allied forces , often by giving them tactical , though sometimes ineffective , latitude ; many historians conclude this delayed the Allied victory in Europe . However , due to Eisenhower 's persistence , the pivotal supply port at Antwerp was successfully , albeit belatedly , opened in late 1944 , and victory became a more distinct probability .
YouTube relies on its users to flag the content of videos as inappropriate , and a YouTube employee will view a flagged video to determine whether it violates the site 's terms of service . In July 2008 , the Culture and Media Committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom stated that it was " unimpressed " with YouTube 's system for policing its videos , and argued that " proactive review of content should be standard practice for sites hosting user-generated content " . YouTube responded by stating :
Official cults were state funded as a " matter of public interest " ( res publica ) . Non-official but lawful cults were funded by private individuals for the benefit of their own communities . The difference between public and private cult is often unclear . Individuals or collegial associations could offer funds and cult to state deities . The public Vestals prepared ritual substances for use in public and private cults , and held the state-funded ( thus public ) opening ceremony for the Parentalia festival , which was otherwise a private rite to household ancestors . Some rites of the domus ( household ) were held in public places but were legally defined as privata in part or whole . All cults were ultimately subject to the approval and regulation of the censor and pontifices .
While President Truman had begun the process of desegregating the Armed Forces in 1948 , actual implementation had been slow . Eisenhower made clear his stance in his first State of the Union address in February 1953 , saying " I propose to use whatever authority exists in the office of the President to end segregation in the District of Columbia , including the Federal Government , and any segregation in the Armed Forces " . When he encountered opposition from the services , he used government control of military spending to force the change through , stating " Wherever Federal Funds are expended ... , I do not see how any American can justify ... a discrimination in the expenditure of those funds " .
Doctrines of Jehovah 's Witnesses are established by the Governing Body . The religion does not tolerate dissent over doctrines and practices ; members who openly disagree with the religion 's teachings are expelled and shunned . Witness publications strongly discourage followers from questioning doctrine and counsel received from the Governing Body , reasoning that it is to be trusted as part of " God 's organization " . It also warns members to " avoid independent thinking " , claiming such thinking " was introduced by Satan the Devil " and would " cause division " . Those who openly disagree with official teachings are condemned as " apostates " who are " mentally diseased " .
Football is the most popular national sport of Egypt . The Cairo Derby is one of the fiercest derbies in Africa , and the BBC picked it as one of the 7 toughest derbies in the world . Al Ahly is the most successful club of the 20th century in the African continent according to CAF , closely followed by their rivals Zamalek SC . Al Ahly was named in 2000 by the Confederation of African Football as the " African Club of the Century " . With twenty titles , Al Ahly is currently the world 's most successful club in terms of international trophies , surpassing Italy 's A.C. Milan and Argentina 's Boca Juniors , both having eighteen .
With the abatement of persecution , St. Jerome acknowledged the Empire as a bulwark against evil but insisted that " imperial honours " were contrary to Christian teaching . His was an authoritative but minority voice : most Christians showed no qualms in the veneration of even " pagan " emperors . The peace of the emperors was the peace of God ; as far as the Church was concerned , internal dissent and doctrinal schism were a far greater problem . The solution came from a hitherto unlikely source : as pontifex maximus Constantine I favoured the " Catholic Church of the Christians " against the Donatists because :
Quakers , or Friends , are members of a family of religious movements collectively known as the Religious Society of Friends . The central unifying doctrine of these movements is the priesthood of all believers . Many Friends view themselves as members of a Christian denomination . They include those with evangelical , holiness , liberal , and traditional conservative Quaker understandings of Christianity . Unlike many other groups that emerged within Christianity , the Religious Society of Friends has actively tried to avoid creeds and hierarchical structures .
The top three single agent/disease killers are HIV/AIDS , TB and malaria . While the number of deaths due to nearly every disease have decreased , deaths due to HIV/AIDS have increased fourfold . Childhood diseases include pertussis , poliomyelitis , diphtheria , measles and tetanus . Children also make up a large percentage of lower respiratory and diarrheal deaths . In 2012 , approximately 3.1 million people have died due to lower respiratory infections , making it the number 4 leading cause of death in the world .
The phrase " [ A ] hedge or wall of separation between the garden of the church and the wilderness of the world " was first used by Baptist theologian Roger Williams , the founder of the colony of Rhode Island , in his 1644 book The Bloody Tenent of Persecution . The phrase was later used by Thomas Jefferson as a description of the First Amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch of the federal government , in an 1802 letter to the Danbury Baptists ( a religious minority concerned about the dominant position of the Congregationalist church in Connecticut ) :
The Bronx 's evolution from a hot bed of Latin jazz to an incubator of hip hop was the subject of an award-winning documentary , produced by City Lore and broadcast on PBS in 2006 , " From Mambo to Hip Hop : A South Bronx Tale " . Hip Hop first emerged in the South Bronx in the early 1970s . The New York Times has identified 1520 Sedgwick Avenue " an otherwise unremarkable high-rise just north of the Cross Bronx Expressway and hard along the Major Deegan Expressway " as a starting point , where DJ Kool Herc presided over parties in the community room .
Thus , the technological ability to detect any infectious agent rapidly and specifically are currently available . The only remaining blockades to the use of PCR as a standard tool of diagnosis are in its cost and application , neither of which is insurmountable . The diagnosis of a few diseases will not benefit from the development of PCR methods , such as some of the clostridial diseases ( tetanus and botulism ) . These diseases are fundamentally biological poisonings by relatively small numbers of infectious bacteria that produce extremely potent neurotoxins . A significant proliferation of the infectious agent does not occur , this limits the ability of PCR to detect the presence of any bacteria .
In his book , Humanism ( 1997 ) , Tony Davies calls these critics " humanist anti-humanists " . Critics of antihumanism , most notably Jürgen Habermas , counter that while antihumanists may highlight humanism 's failure to fulfil its emancipatory ideal , they do not offer an alternative emancipatory project of their own . Others , like the German philosopher Heidegger considered themselves humanists on the model of the ancient Greeks , but thought humanism applied only to the German " race " and specifically to the Nazis and thus , in Davies ' words , were anti-humanist humanists . Such a reading of Heidegger 's thought is itself deeply controversial ; Heidegger includes his own views and critique of Humanism in Letter On Humanism . Davies acknowledges that after the horrific experiences of the wars of the 20th century " it should no longer be possible to formulate phrases like 'the destiny of man ' or the 'triumph of human reason ' without an instant consciousness of the folly and brutality they drag behind them " . For " it is almost impossible to think of a crime that has not been committed in the name of human reason " . Yet , he continues , " it would be unwise to simply abandon the ground occupied by the historical humanisms . For one thing humanism remains on many occasions the only available alternative to bigotry and persecution . The freedom to speak and write , to organise and campaign in defence of individual or collective interests , to protest and disobey : all these can only be articulated in humanist terms . "
During the Miocene continents continued to drift toward their present positions . Of the modern geologic features , only the land bridge between South America and North America was absent , the subduction zone along the Pacific Ocean margin of South America caused the rise of the Andes and the southward extension of the Meso-American peninsula . India continued to collide with Asia . The Tethys Seaway continued to shrink and then disappeared as Africa collided with Eurasia in the Turkish-Arabian region between 19 and 12 Ma ( ICS 2004 ) . Subsequent uplift of mountains in the western Mediterranean region and a global fall in sea levels combined to cause a temporary drying up of the Mediterranean Sea resulting in the Messinian salinity crisis near the end of the Miocene .
The Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market , in the West Bronx , is a shopping center that encompasses less than one million square feet of retail space , built on a 17 acres ( 7 ha ) site that formerly held the Bronx Terminal Market , a wholesale fruit and vegetable market as well as the former Bronx House of Detention , south of Yankee Stadium . The $ 500 million shopping center , which was completed in 2009 , saw the construction of new buildings and two smaller buildings , one new and the other a renovation of an existing building that was part of the original market . The two main buildings are linked by a six-level garage for 2,600 cars . The center has earned itself a LEED " Silver " designation in its design .
The Palácio do Planalto is the official workplace of the President of Brazil . It is located at the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília . As the seat of government , the term " Planalto " is often used as a metonym for the executive branch of government . The main working office of the President of the Republic is in the Palácio do Planalto . The President and his or her family do not live in it , rather in the official residence , the Palácio da Alvorada . Besides the President , senior advisors also have offices in the " Planalto , " including the Vice-President of Brazil and the Chief of Staff . The other Ministries are along the Esplanada dos Ministérios . The architect of the Palácio do Planalto was Oscar Niemeyer , creator of most of the important buildings in Brasília . The idea was to project an image of simplicity and modernity using fine lines and waves to compose the columns and exterior structures . The Palace is four stories high , and has an area of 36,000 m2 . Four other adjacent buildings are also part of the complex .
