A global drop in sea level at the end of the Devonian reversed early in the Carboniferous ; this created the widespread epicontinental seas and carbonate deposition of the Mississippian . There was also a drop in south polar temperatures ; southern Gondwana was glaciated throughout the period , though it is uncertain if the ice sheets were a holdover from the Devonian or not . These conditions apparently had little effect in the deep tropics , where lush coal swamps flourished within 30 degrees of the northernmost glaciers . A mid-Carboniferous drop in sea-level precipitated a major marine extinction , one that hit crinoids and ammonites especially hard . This sea-level drop and the associated unconformity in North America separate the Mississippian Period from the Pennsylvanian period .
Nathan Knorr was appointed as third president of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society in 1942 . Knorr commissioned a new translation of the Bible , the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures , the full version of which was released in 1961 . He organized large international assemblies , instituted new training programs for members , and expanded missionary activity and branch offices throughout the world . Knorr 's presidency was also marked by an increasing use of explicit instructions guiding Witnesses in their lifestyle and conduct , and a greater use of congregational judicial procedures to enforce a strict moral code .
While President Truman had begun the process of desegregating the Armed Forces in 1948 , actual implementation had been slow . Eisenhower made clear his stance in his first State of the Union address in February 1953 , saying " I propose to use whatever authority exists in the office of the President to end segregation in the District of Columbia , including the Federal Government , and any segregation in the Armed Forces " . When he encountered opposition from the services , he used government control of military spending to force the change through , stating " Wherever Federal Funds are expended ... , I do not see how any American can justify ... a discrimination in the expenditure of those funds " .
Varmint hunting is an American phrase for the selective killing of non-game animals seen as pests . While not always an efficient form of pest control , varmint hunting achieves selective control of pests while providing recreation and is much less regulated . Varmint species are often responsible for detrimental effects on crops , livestock , landscaping , infrastructure , and pets . Some animals , such as wild rabbits or squirrels , may be utilised for fur or meat , but often no use is made of the carcass . Which species are varmints depends on the circumstance and area . Common varmints may include various rodents , coyotes , crows , foxes , feral cats , and feral hogs . Some animals once considered varmints are now protected , such as wolves . In the US state of Louisiana , a non-native rodent known as a nutria has become so destructive to the local ecosystem that the state has initiated a bounty program to help control the population .
Brasília has a tropical savanna climate ( Aw ) according to the Köppen system , with two distinct seasons : the rainy season , from October to April , and a dry season , from May to September . The average temperature is 20.6 °C ( 69.1 °F ) . September , at the end of the dry season , has the highest average maximum temperature , 28.3 °C ( 82.9 °F ) , has major and minor lower maximum average temperature , of 25.1 °C ( 77.2 °F ) and 12.9 °C ( 55.2 °F ) , respectively . Average temperatures from September through March are a consistent 22 °C ( 72 °F ) . With 247.4 mm ( 9.7 in ) , January is the month with the highest rainfall of the year , while June is the lowest , with only 8.7 mm ( 0.3 in ) .
Gun usage in hunting is typically regulated by game category , area within the state , and time period . Regulations for big-game hunting often specify a minimum caliber or muzzle energy for firearms . The use of rifles is often banned for safety reasons in areas with high population densities or limited topographic relief . Regulations may also limit or ban the use of lead in ammunition because of environmental concerns . Specific seasons for bow hunting or muzzle-loading black-powder guns are often established to limit competition with hunters using more effective weapons .
Methodism identifies principally with the theology of John Wesley—an Anglican priest and evangelist . This evangelical movement originated as a revival within the 18th-century Church of England and became a separate Church following Wesley 's death . Because of vigorous missionary activity , the movement spread throughout the British Empire , the United States , and beyond , today claiming approximately 80 million adherents worldwide . Originally it appealed especially to workers , agricultural workers , and slaves .
Active in the early 1920s , F.C.S . Schiller labelled his work " humanism " but for Schiller the term referred to the pragmatist philosophy he shared with William James . In 1929 , Charles Francis Potter founded the First Humanist Society of New York whose advisory board included Julian Huxley , John Dewey , Albert Einstein and Thomas Mann . Potter was a minister from the Unitarian tradition and in 1930 he and his wife , Clara Cook Potter , published Humanism : A New Religion . Throughout the 1930s , Potter was an advocate of such liberal causes as , women ’ s rights , access to birth control , " civil divorce laws " , and an end to capital punishment .
A party 's floor leader , in conjunction with other party leaders , plays an influential role in the formulation of party policy and programs . He is instrumental in guiding legislation favored by his party through the House , or in resisting those programs of the other party that are considered undesirable by his own party . He is instrumental in devising and implementing his party 's strategy on the floor with respect to promoting or opposing legislation . He is kept constantly informed as to the status of legislative business and as to the sentiment of his party respecting particular legislation under consideration . Such information is derived in part from the floor leader 's contacts with his party 's members serving on House committees , and with the members of the party 's whip organization .
In 1953 , the Republican Party 's Old Guard presented Eisenhower with a dilemma by insisting he disavow the Yalta Agreements as beyond the constitutional authority of the Executive Branch ; however , the death of Joseph Stalin in March 1953 made the matter a practical moot point . At this time Eisenhower gave his Chance for Peace speech in which he attempted , unsuccessfully , to forestall the nuclear arms race with the Soviet Union by suggesting multiple opportunities presented by peaceful uses of nuclear materials . Biographer Stephen Ambrose opined that this was the best speech of Eisenhower 's presidency .
South America became linked to North America through the Isthmus of Panama during the Pliocene , bringing a nearly complete end to South America 's distinctive marsupial faunas . The formation of the Isthmus had major consequences on global temperatures , since warm equatorial ocean currents were cut off and an Atlantic cooling cycle began , with cold Arctic and Antarctic waters dropping temperatures in the now-isolated Atlantic Ocean . Africa 's collision with Europe formed the Mediterranean Sea , cutting off the remnants of the Tethys Ocean . Sea level changes exposed the land-bridge between Alaska and Asia . Near the end of the Pliocene , about 2.58 million years ago ( the start of the Quaternary Period ) , the current ice age began . The polar regions have since undergone repeated cycles of glaciation and thaw , repeating every 40,000–100,000 years .
Eisenhower did provide France with bombers and non-combat personnel . After a few months with no success by the French , he added other aircraft to drop napalm for clearing purposes . Further requests for assistance from the French were agreed to but only on conditions Eisenhower knew were impossible to meet – allied participation and congressional approval . When the French fortress of Dien Bien Phu fell to the Vietnamese Communists in May 1954 , Eisenhower refused to intervene despite urgings from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , the Vice President and the head of NCS .
The Bronx underwent rapid urban growth after World War I. Extensions of the New York City Subway contributed to the increase in population as thousands of immigrants came to the Bronx , resulting in a major boom in residential construction . Among these groups , many Irish Americans , Italian Americans and especially Jewish Americans settled here . In addition , French , German , Polish and other immigrants moved into the borough . The Jewish population also increased notably during this time . In 1937 , according to Jewish organizations , 592,185 Jews lived in The Bronx ( 43.9 % of the borough 's population ) , while only 54,000 Jews lived in the borough in 2011 . Many synagogues still stand in the Bronx , but most have been converted to other uses .
A loblolly pine , known as the " Eisenhower Pine " , was located on Augusta 's 17th hole , approximately 210 yards ( 192 m ) from the Masters tee . President Dwight D. Eisenhower , an Augusta National member , hit the tree so many times that , at a 1956 club meeting , he proposed that it be cut down . Not wanting to offend the president , the club 's chairman , Clifford Roberts , immediately adjourned the meeting rather than reject the request . The tree was removed in February 2014 after an ice storm caused it significant damage .
Southern Italy was also part of the Norman kingdom but great mosaics did not survive in this area except the fine mosaic pavement of the Otranto Cathedral from 1166 , with mosaics tied into a tree of life , mostly still preserved . The scenes depict biblical characters , warrior kings , medieval beasts , allegories of the months and working activity . Only fragments survived from the original mosaic decoration of Amalfi 's Norman Cathedral . The mosaic ambos in the churches of Ravello prove that mosaic art was widespread in Southern Italy during the 11th–13th centuries .
Other important Venetian mosaics can be found in the Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta in Torcello from the 12th century , and in the Basilical of Santi Maria e Donato in Murano with a restored apse mosaic from the 12th century and a beautiful mosaic pavement ( 1140 ) . The apse of the San Cipriano Church in Murano was decorated with an impressive golden mosaic from the early 13th century showing Christ enthroned with Mary , St John and the two patron saints , Cipriano and Cipriana . When the church was demolished in the 19th century , the mosaic was bought by Frederick William IV of Prussia . It was reassembled in the Friedenskirche of Potsdam in the 1840s .
Armenian literature dates back to 400 AD , when Mesrop Mashtots first invented the Armenian alphabet . This period of time is often viewed as the Golden Age of Armenian literature . Early Armenian literature was written by the " father of Armenian history " , Moses of Chorene , who authored The History of Armenia . The book covers the time-frame from the formation of the Armenian people to the fifth century AD . The nineteenth century beheld a great literary movement that was to give rise to modern Armenian literature . This period of time , during which Armenian culture flourished , is known as the Revival period ( Zartonki sherchan ) . The Revivalist authors of Constantinople and Tiflis , almost identical to the Romanticists of Europe , were interested in encouraging Armenian nationalism . Most of them adopted the newly created Eastern or Western variants of the Armenian language depending on the targeted audience , and preferred them over classical Armenian ( grabar ) . This period ended after the Hamidian massacres , when Armenians experienced turbulent times . As Armenian history of the 1920s and of the Genocide came to be more openly discussed , writers like Paruyr Sevak , Gevork Emin , Silva Kaputikyan and Hovhannes Shiraz began a new era of literature .
Regional social norms are generally antagonistic to hunting , while a few sects , such as the Bishnoi , lay special emphasis on the conservation of particular species , such as the antelope . India 's Wildlife Protection Act of 1972 bans the killing of all wild animals . However , the Chief Wildlife Warden may , if satisfied that any wild animal from a specified list has become dangerous to human life , or is so disabled or diseased as to be beyond recovery , permit any person to hunt such an animal . In this case , the body of any wild animal killed or wounded becomes government property .
The terms international policing , transnational policing , and/or global policing began to be used from the early 1990s onwards to describe forms of policing that transcended the boundaries of the sovereign nation-state ( Nadelmann , 1993 ) , ( Sheptycki , 1995 ) . These terms refer in variable ways to practices and forms for policing that , in some sense , transcend national borders . This includes a variety of practices , but international police cooperation , criminal intelligence exchange between police agencies working in different nation-states , and police development-aid to weak , failed or failing states are the three types that have received the most scholarly attention .
Non-religious Umayyad mosaic works were mainly floor panels which decorated the palaces of the caliphs and other high-ranking officials . They were closely modeled after the mosaics of the Roman country villas , once common in the Eastern Mediterranean . The most superb example can be found in the bath house of Hisham 's Palace , Palestine which was made around 744 . The main panel depicts a large tree and underneath it a lion attacking a deer ( right side ) and two deers peacefully grazing ( left side ) . The panel probably represents good and bad governance . Mosaics with classical geometric motifs survived in the bath area of the 8th-century Umayyad palace complex in Anjar , Lebanon . The luxurious desert residence of Al-Walid II in Qasr al-Hallabat ( in present-day Jordan ) was also decorated with floor mosaics that show a high level of technical skill . The best preserved panel at Hallabat is divided by a Tree of Life flanked by " good " animals on one side and " bad " animals on the other . Among the Hallabat representations are vine scrolls , grapes , pomegranates , oryx , wolves , hares , a leopard , pairs of partridges , fish , bulls , ostriches , rabbits , rams , goats , lions and a snake . At Qastal , near Amman , excavations in 2000 uncovered the earliest known Umayyad mosaics in present-day Jordan , dating probably from the caliphate of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan ( 685–705 ) . They cover much of the floor of a finely decorated building that probably served as the palace of a local governor . The Qastal mosaics depict geometrical patterns , trees , animals , fruits and rosettes . Except for the open courtyard , entrance and staircases , the floors of the entire palace were covered in mosaics .
After fourteen consecutive years of economic growth , Greece went into recession in 2008 . By the end of 2009 , the Greek economy faced the highest budget deficit and government debt-to-GDP ratios in the EU . After several upward revisions , the 2009 budget deficit is now estimated at 15.7 % of GDP . This , combined with rapidly rising debt levels ( 127.9 % of GDP in 2009 ) led to a precipitous increase in borrowing costs , effectively shutting Greece out of the global financial markets and resulting in a severe economic crisis .
In January 1917 , the Watch Tower Society 's legal representative , Joseph Franklin Rutherford , was elected as its next president . His election was disputed , and members of the Board of Directors accused him of acting in an autocratic and secretive manner . The divisions between his supporters and opponents triggered a major turnover of members over the next decade . In June 1917 , he released The Finished Mystery as a seventh volume of Russell 's Studies in the Scriptures series . The book , published as the posthumous work of Russell , was a compilation of his commentaries on the Bible books of Ezekiel and Revelation , plus numerous additions by Bible Students Clayton Woodworth and George Fisher . It strongly criticized Catholic and Protestant clergy and Christian involvement in the Great War . As a result , Watch Tower Society directors were jailed for sedition under the Espionage Act in 1918 and members were subjected to mob violence ; charges against the directors were dropped in 1920 .
Formal discipline is administered by congregation elders . When a baptized member is accused of committing a serious sin—usually cases of sexual misconduct or charges of apostasy for disputing Jehovah 's Witness doctrines—a judicial committee is formed to determine guilt , provide help and possibly administer discipline . Disfellowshipping , a form of shunning , is the strongest form of discipline , administered to an offender deemed unrepentant . Contact with disfellowshipped individuals is limited to direct family members living in the same home , and with congregation elders who may invite disfellowshipped persons to apply for reinstatement ; formal business dealings may continue if contractually or financially obliged . Witnesses are taught that avoiding social and spiritual interaction with disfellowshipped individuals keeps the congregation free from immoral influence and that " losing precious fellowship with loved ones may help [ the shunned individual ] to come 'to his senses , ' see the seriousness of his wrong , and take steps to return to Jehovah . " The practice of shunning may also serve to deter other members from dissident behavior . Members who disassociate ( formally resign ) are described in Watch Tower Society literature as wicked and are also shunned . Expelled individuals may eventually be reinstated to the congregation if deemed repentant by elders in the congregation in which the disfellowshipping was enforced . Reproof is a lesser form of discipline given formally by a judicial committee to a baptized Witness who is considered repentant of serious sin ; the reproved person temporarily loses conspicuous privileges of service , but suffers no restriction of social or spiritual fellowship . Marking , a curtailing of social but not spiritual fellowship , is practiced if a baptized member persists in a course of action regarded as a violation of Bible principles but not a serious sin . [ note 4 ]
Historians trace the earliest church labeled Baptist back to 1609 in Amsterdam , with English Separatist John Smyth as its pastor . In accordance with his reading of the New Testament , he rejected baptism of infants and instituted baptism only of believing adults . Baptist practice spread to England , where the General Baptists considered Christ 's atonement to extend to all people , while the Particular Baptists believed that it extended only to the elect . In 1638 , Roger Williams established the first Baptist congregation in the North American colonies . In the mid-18th century , the First Great Awakening increased Baptist growth in both New England and the South . The Second Great Awakening in the South in the early 19th century increased church membership , as did the preachers ' lessening of support for abolition and manumission of slavery , which had been part of the 18th-century teachings . Baptist missionaries have spread their church to every continent .
Besides being the political center , Brasília is an important economic center . Brasília has the highest city gross domestic product ( GDP ) of 99.5 billion reais representing 3.76 % of the total Brazilian GDP . The main economic activity of the federal capital results from its administrative function . Its industrial planning is studied carefully by the Government of the Federal District . Being a city registered by UNESCO , the government in Brasília has opted to encourage the development of non-polluting industries such as software , film , video , and gemology among others , with emphasis on environmental preservation and maintaining ecological balance , preserving the city property .
Others , such as Rep. Roger Sherman of Connecticut , believed the clause was unnecessary because the original Constitution only gave Congress stated powers , which did not include establishing a national religion . Anti-Federalists such as Rep. Thomas Tucker of South Carolina moved to strike the establishment clause completely because it could preempt the religious clauses in the state constitutions . However , the Anti-Federalists were unsuccessful in persuading the House of Representatives to drop the clause from the first amendment .
In Rome , state cult to a living emperor acknowledged his rule as divinely approved and constitutional . As princeps ( first citizen ) he must respect traditional Republican mores ; given virtually monarchic powers , he must restrain them . He was not a living divus but father of his country ( pater patriae ) , its pontifex maximus ( greatest priest ) and at least notionally , its leading Republican . When he died , his ascent to heaven , or his descent to join the dii manes was decided by a vote in the Senate . As a divus , he could receive much the same honours as any other state deity – libations of wine , garlands , incense , hymns and sacrificial oxen at games and festivals . What he did in return for these favours is unknown , but literary hints and the later adoption of divus as a title for Christian Saints suggest him as a heavenly intercessor . In Rome , official cult to a living emperor was directed to his genius ; a small number refused this honour and there is no evidence of any emperor receiving more than that . In the crises leading up to the Dominate , Imperial titles and honours multiplied , reaching a peak under Diocletian . Emperors before him had attempted to guarantee traditional cults as the core of Roman identity and well-being ; refusal of cult undermined the state and was treasonous .
In brief , there is disagreement among historical analysts as to the exact time period when the minority leadership emerged officially as a party position . Nonetheless , it seems safe to conclude that the position emerged during the latter part of the 19th century , a period of strong party organization and professional politicians . This era was " marked by strong partisan attachments , resilient patronage-based party organizations , and ... high levels of party voting in Congress . " Plainly , these were conditions conducive to the establishment of a more highly differentiated House leadership structure .
During the Miocene continents continued to drift toward their present positions . Of the modern geologic features , only the land bridge between South America and North America was absent , the subduction zone along the Pacific Ocean margin of South America caused the rise of the Andes and the southward extension of the Meso-American peninsula . India continued to collide with Asia . The Tethys Seaway continued to shrink and then disappeared as Africa collided with Eurasia in the Turkish-Arabian region between 19 and 12 Ma ( ICS 2004 ) . Subsequent uplift of mountains in the western Mediterranean region and a global fall in sea levels combined to cause a temporary drying up of the Mediterranean Sea resulting in the Messinian salinity crisis near the end of the Miocene .
Better acquaintance with Greek and Roman technical writings also influenced the development of European science ( see the history of science in the Renaissance ) . This was despite what A. C. Crombie ( viewing the Renaissance in the 19th-century manner as a chapter in the heroic March of Progress ) calls " a backwards-looking admiration for antiquity " , in which Platonism stood in opposition to the Aristotelian concentration on the observable properties of the physical world . But Renaissance humanists , who considered themselves as restoring the glory and nobility of antiquity , had no interest in scientific innovation . However , by the mid-to-late 16th century , even the universities , though still dominated by Scholasticism , began to demand that Aristotle be read in accurate texts edited according to the principles of Renaissance philology , thus setting the stage for Galileo 's quarrels with the outmoded habits of Scholasticism .
Believers in Pashupatinath ( mainly Hindus ) are allowed to enter the temple premises , but non-Hindu visitors are allowed to view the temple only from the across the Bagmati River . The priests who perform the services at this temple have been Brahmins from Karnataka , South India since the time of Malla king Yaksha Malla . This tradition is believed to have been started at the request of Adi Shankaracharya who sought to unify the states of Bharatam ( Unified India ) by encouraging cultural exchange . This procedure is followed in other temples around India , which were sanctified by Adi Shankaracharya .
The Nea Moni Monastery on Chios was established by Constantine Monomachos in 1043–1056 . The exceptional mosaic decoration of the dome showing probably the nine orders of the angels was destroyed in 1822 but other panels survived ( Theotokos with raised hands , four evangelists with seraphim , scenes from Christ 's life and an interesting Anastasis where King Salomon bears resemblance to Constantine Monomachos ) . In comparison with Osios Loukas Nea Moni mosaics contain more figures , detail , landscape and setting .
Hunting in the United States is not associated with any particular class or culture ; a 2006 poll showed seventy-eight percent of Americans supported legal hunting , although relatively few Americans actually hunt . At the beginning of the 21st century , just six percent of Americans hunted . Southerners in states along the eastern seaboard hunted at a rate of five percent , slightly below the national average , and while hunting was more common in other parts of the South at nine percent , these rates did not surpass those of the Plains states , where twelve percent of Midwesterners hunted . Hunting in other areas of the country fell below the national average . Overall , in the 1996–2006 period , the number of hunters over the age of sixteen declined by ten percent , a drop attributable to a number of factors including habitat loss and changes in recreation habits .
Critics of the modern concept of the " separation of church and state " argue that it is untethered to anything in the text of the constitution and is contrary to the conception of the phrase as the Founding Fathers understood it . Philip Hamburger , Columbia Law school professor and prominent critic of the modern understanding of the concept , maintains that the modern concept , which deviates from the constitutional establishment clause jurisprudence , is rooted in American anti-Catholicism and Nativism . [ citation needed ] Briefs before the Supreme Court , including by the U.S. government , have argued that some state constitutional amendments relating to the modern conception of separation of church and state ( Blaine Amendments ) were motivated by and intended to enact anti-Catholicism .
The Bronx street grid is irregular . Like the northernmost part of upper Manhattan , the West Bronx 's hilly terrain leaves a relatively free-style street grid . Much of the West Bronx 's street numbering carries over from upper Manhattan , but does not match it exactly ; East 132nd Street is the lowest numbered street in the Bronx . This dates from the mid-19th century when the southwestern area of Westchester County west of the Bronx River , was incorporated into New York City and known as the Northside .
The Crusaders in the Holy Land also adopted mosaic decoration under local Byzantine influence . During their 12th-century reconstruction of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem they complemented the existing Byzantine mosaics with new ones . Almost nothing of them survived except the " Ascension of Christ " in the Latin Chapel ( now confusingly surrounded by many 20th-century mosaics ) . More substantial fragments were preserved from the 12th-century mosaic decoration of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem . The mosaics in the nave are arranged in five horizontal bands with the figures of the ancestors of Christ , Councils of the Church and angels . In the apses the Annunciation , the Nativity , Adoration of the Magi and Dormition of the Blessed Virgin can be seen . The program of redecoration of the church was completed in 1169 as a unique collaboration of the Byzantine emperor , the king of Jerusalem and the Latin Church .
When the U.S. entered World War I he immediately requested an overseas assignment but was again denied and then assigned to Ft. Leavenworth , Kansas . In February 1918 he was transferred to Camp Meade in Maryland with the 65th Engineers . His unit was later ordered to France but to his chagrin he received orders for the new tank corps , where he was promoted to brevet Lieutenant Colonel in the National Army . He commanded a unit that trained tank crews at Camp Colt – his first command – at the site of " Pickett 's Charge " on the Gettysburg , Pennsylvania Civil War battleground . Though Eisenhower and his tank crews never saw combat , he displayed excellent organizational skills , as well as an ability to accurately assess junior officers ' strengths and make optimal placements of personnel .
In America , Episcopalian Dennis Bennett is sometimes cited as one of the charismatic movement 's seminal influence . In the United Kingdom , Colin Urquhart , Michael Harper , David Watson and others were in the vanguard of similar developments . The Massey conference in New Zealand , 1964 was attended by several Anglicans , including the Rev . Ray Muller , who went on to invite Bennett to New Zealand in 1966 , and played a leading role in developing and promoting the Life in the Spirit seminars . Other Charismatic movement leaders in New Zealand include Bill Subritzky .
The Vestals were a public priesthood of six women devoted to the cultivation of Vesta , goddess of the hearth of the Roman state and its vital flame . A girl chosen to be a Vestal achieved unique religious distinction , public status and privileges , and could exercise considerable political influence . Upon entering her office , a Vestal was emancipated from her father 's authority . In archaic Roman society , these priestesses were the only women not required to be under the legal guardianship of a man , instead answering directly to the Pontifex Maximus .
The myth of a Trojan founding with Greek influence was reconciled through an elaborate genealogy ( the Latin kings of Alba Longa ) with the well-known legend of Rome 's founding by Romulus and Remus . The most common version of the twins ' story displays several aspects of hero myth . Their mother , Rhea Silvia , had been ordered by her uncle the king to remain a virgin , in order to preserve the throne he had usurped from her father . Through divine intervention , the rightful line was restored when Rhea Silvia was impregnated by the god Mars . She gave birth to twins , who were duly exposed by order of the king but saved through a series of miraculous events .
According to the 2009 American Community Survey , White Americans of both Hispanic and non-Hispanic origin represented over one-fifth ( 22.9 % ) of the Bronx 's population . However , non-Hispanic whites formed under one-eighth ( 12.1 % ) of the population , down from 34.4 % in 1980 . Out of all five boroughs , the Bronx has the lowest number and percentage of white residents . 320,640 whites called the Bronx home , of which 168,570 were non-Hispanic whites . The majority of the non-Hispanic European American population is of Italian and Irish descent . People of Italian descent numbered over 55,000 individuals and made up 3.9 % of the population . People of Irish descent numbered over 43,500 individuals and made up 3.1 % of the population . German Americans and Polish Americans made up 1.4 % and 0.8 % of the population respectively .
YouTube is a global video-sharing website headquartered in San Bruno , California , United States . The service was created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 . In November 2006 , it was bought by Google for US $ 1.65 billion . YouTube now operates as one of Google 's subsidiaries . The site allows users to upload , view , rate , share , and comment on videos , and it makes use of WebM , H.264/MPEG-4 AVC , and Adobe Flash Video technology to display a wide variety of user-generated and corporate media video . Available content includes video clips , TV clips , music videos , movie trailers , and other content such as video blogging , short original videos , and educational videos .
This office was first held by Gabriel Nicolas de la Reynie , who had 44 commissaires de police ( police commissioners ) under his authority . In 1709 , these commissioners were assisted by inspecteurs de police ( police inspectors ) . The city of Paris was divided into 16 districts policed by the commissaires , each assigned to a particular district and assisted by a growing bureaucracy . The scheme of the Paris police force was extended to the rest of France by a royal edict of October 1699 , resulting in the creation of lieutenants general of police in all large French cities and towns .
Yet another may have been a reduction in the real-estate listings and property-related financial services ( such as mortgage loans or insurance policies ) offered in some areas of the Bronx — a process known as redlining . Others have suggested a " planned shrinkage " of municipal services , such as fire-fighting . There was also much debate as to whether rent control laws had made it less profitable ( or more costly ) for landlords to maintain existing buildings with their existing tenants than to abandon or destroy those buildings .
Public priests were appointed by the collegia . Once elected , a priest held permanent religious authority from the eternal divine , which offered him lifetime influence , privilege and immunity . Therefore , civil and religious law limited the number and kind of religious offices allowed an individual and his family . Religious law was collegial and traditional ; it informed political decisions , could overturn them , and was difficult to exploit for personal gain . Priesthood was a costly honour : in traditional Roman practice , a priest drew no stipend . Cult donations were the property of the deity , whose priest must provide cult regardless of shortfalls in public funding – this could mean subsidy of acolytes and all other cult maintenance from personal funds . For those who had reached their goal in the Cursus honorum , permanent priesthood was best sought or granted after a lifetime 's service in military or political life , or preferably both : it was a particularly honourable and active form of retirement which fulfilled an essential public duty . For a freedman or slave , promotion as one of the Compitalia seviri offered a high local profile , and opportunities in local politics ; and therefore business . During the Imperial era , priesthood of the Imperial cult offered provincial elites full Roman citizenship and public prominence beyond their single year in religious office ; in effect , it was the first step in a provincial cursus honorum . In Rome , the same Imperial cult role was performed by the Arval Brethren , once an obscure Republican priesthood dedicated to several deities , then co-opted by Augustus as part of his religious reforms . The Arvals offered prayer and sacrifice to Roman state gods at various temples for the continued welfare of the Imperial family on their birthdays , accession anniversaries and to mark extraordinary events such as the quashing of conspiracy or revolt . Every January 3 they consecrated the annual vows and rendered any sacrifice promised in the previous year , provided the gods had kept the Imperial family safe for the contracted time .
The double indirect method can be used when it is important to see the work during the creation process as it will appear when completed . The tesserae are placed face-up on a medium ( often adhesive-backed paper , sticky plastic or soft lime or putty ) as it will appear when installed . When the mosaic is complete , a similar medium is placed atop it . The piece is then turned over , the original underlying material is carefully removed , and the piece is installed as in the indirect method described above . In comparison to the indirect method , this is a complex system to use and requires great skill on the part of the operator , to avoid damaging the work . Its greatest advantage lies in the possibility of the operator directly controlling the final result of the work , which is important e.g . when the human figure is involved . This method was created in 1989 by Maurizio Placuzzi and registered for industrial use ( patent n. 0000222556 ) under the name of his company , Sicis International Srl , now Sicis The Art Mosaic Factory Srl .
Confer With the White House . If his or her party controls the White House , the minority leader confers regularly with the President and his aides about issues before Congress , the Administration 's agenda , and political events generally . Strategically , the role of the minority leader will vary depending on whether the President is of the same party or the other party . In general , minority leaders will often work to advance the goals and aspirations of their party 's President in Congress . When Robert Michel , R-IL , was minority leader ( 1981–1995 ) , he typically functioned as the " point man " for Republican presidents . President Ronald Reagan 's 1981 policy successes in the Democratic controlled House was due in no small measure to Minority Leader Michel 's effectiveness in wooing so-called " Reagan Democrats " to support , for instance , the Administration 's landmark budget reconciliation bill . There are occasions , of course , when minority leaders will fault the legislative initiatives of their President . On an administration proposal that could adversely affect his district , Michel stated that he might " abdicate my leadership role [ on this issue ] since I ca n't harmonize my own views with the administration 's . " Minority Leader Gephardt , as another example , has publicly opposed a number of President Clinton 's legislative initiatives from " fast track " trade authority to various budget issues .
In some countries , YouTube is completely blocked , either through a long term standing ban or for more limited periods of time such as during periods of unrest , the run-up to an election , or in response to upcoming political anniversaries . In other countries access to the website as a whole remains open , but access to specific videos is blocked . In cases where the entire site is banned due to one particular video , YouTube will often agree to remove or limit access to that video in order to restore service .
Despite the lack of a coastline , Punjab is the most industrialised province of Pakistan ; its manufacturing industries produce textiles , sports goods , heavy machinery , electrical appliances , surgical instruments , vehicles , auto parts , metals , sugar mill plants , aircraft , cement , agricultural machinery , bicycles and rickshaws , floor coverings , and processed foods . In 2003 , the province manufactured 90 % of the paper and paper boards , 71 % of the fertilizers , 69 % of the sugar and 40 % of the cement of Pakistan .
Eisenhower told District of Columbia officials to make Washington a model for the rest of the country in integrating black and white public school children . He proposed to Congress the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and of 1960 and signed those acts into law . The 1957 act for the first time established a permanent civil rights office inside the Justice Department and a Civil Rights Commission to hear testimony about abuses of voting rights . Although both acts were much weaker than subsequent civil rights legislation , they constituted the first significant civil rights acts since 1875 .
The base of the stupa has 108 small depictions of the Dhyani Buddha Amitabha . It is surrounded with a brick wall with 147 niches , each with four or five prayer wheels engraved with the mantra , om mani padme hum . At the northern entrance where visitors must pass is a shrine dedicated to Ajima , the goddess of smallpox . Every year the stupa attracts many Tibetan Buddhist pilgrims who perform full body prostrations in the inner lower enclosure , walk around the stupa with prayer wheels , chant , and pray . Thousands of prayer flags are hoisted up from the top of the stupa downwards and dot the perimeter of the complex . The influx of many Tibetan refugees from China has seen the construction of over 50 Tibetan gompas ( monasteries ) around Boudhanath .
The minority leader has a number of formal and informal party responsibilities . Formally , the rules of each party specify certain roles and responsibilities for their leader . For example , under Democratic rules for the 106th Congress , the minority leader may call meetings of the Democratic Caucus . He or she is a member of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ; names the members of the Democratic Leadership Council ; chairs the Policy Committee ; and heads the Steering Committee . Examples of other assignments are making " recommendations to the Speaker on all Democratic Members who shall serve as conferees " and nominating party members to the Committees on Rules and House Administration . Republican rules identify generally comparable functions for their top party leader .
Each year , nearly $ 200 million in hunters ' federal excise taxes are distributed to state agencies to support wildlife management programs , the purchase of lands open to hunters , and hunter education and safety classes . Since 1934 , the sale of Federal Duck Stamps , a required purchase for migratory waterfowl hunters over sixteen years old , has raised over $ 700 million to help purchase more than 5,200,000 acres ( 8,100 sq mi ; 21,000 km2 ) of habitat for the National Wildlife Refuge System lands that support waterfowl and many other wildlife species and are often open to hunting . States also collect money from hunting licenses to assist with management of game animals , as designated by law . A key task of federal and state park rangers and game wardens is to enforce laws and regulations related to hunting , including species protection , hunting seasons , and hunting bans .
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping any animal , or pursuing or tracking it with the intent of doing so . Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food , recreation , to remove predators which are dangerous to humans or domestic animals , or for trade . In the 2010s , lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching , which is the illegal killing , trapping or capture of the hunted species . The species that are hunted are referred to as game or prey and are usually mammals and birds .
In parts of Italy , which were under eastern artistic influences , like Sicily and Venice , mosaic making never went out of fashion in the Middle Ages . The whole interior of the St Mark 's Basilica in Venice is clad with elaborate , golden mosaics . The oldest scenes were executed by Greek masters in the late 11th century but the majority of the mosaics are works of local artists from the 12th–13th centuries . The decoration of the church was finished only in the 16th century . One hundred and ten scenes of mosaics in the atrium of St Mark 's were based directly on the miniatures of the Cotton Genesis , a Byzantine manuscript that was brought to Venice after the sack of Constantinople ( 1204 ) . The mosaics were executed in the 1220s .
There are several major exceptions on tuition fees . In many European countries , it is possible to study without tuition fees . Public universities in Nordic countries were entirely without tuition fees until around 2005 . Denmark , Sweden and Finland then moved to put in place tuition fees for foreign students . Citizens of EU and EEA member states and citizens from Switzerland remain exempted from tuition fees , and the amounts of public grants granted to promising foreign students were increased to offset some of the impact .
Art historian Hravard Hakobyan notes that " Artsakh carpets occupy a special place in the history of Armenian carpet-making . " Common themes and patterns found on Armenian carpets were the depiction of dragons and eagles . They were diverse in style , rich in color and ornamental motifs , and were even separated in categories depending on what sort of animals were depicted on them , such as artsvagorgs ( eagle-carpets ) , vishapagorgs ( dragon-carpets ) and otsagorgs ( serpent-carpets ) . The rug mentioned in the Kaptavan inscriptions is composed of three arches , " covered with vegatative ornaments " , and bears an artistic resemblance to the illuminated manuscripts produced in Artsakh .
Greece is a developed country with an economy based on the service ( 82.8 % ) and industrial sectors ( 13.3 % ) . The agricultural sector contributed 3.9 % of national economic output in 2015 . Important Greek industries include tourism and shipping . With 18 million international tourists in 2013 , Greece was the 7th most visited country in the European Union and 16th in the world . The Greek Merchant Navy is the largest in the world , with Greek-owned vessels accounting for 15 % of global deadweight tonnage as of 2013 . The increased demand for international maritime transportation between Greece and Asia has resulted in unprecedented investment in the shipping industry .
In the course of this religious upheaval , the German Peasants ' War of 1524–25 swept through the Bavarian , Thuringian and Swabian principalities . After the Eighty Years ' War in the Low Countries and the French Wars of Religion , the confessional division of the states of the Holy Roman Empire eventually erupted in the Thirty Years ' War between 1618 and 1648 . It devastated much of Germany , killing between 25 % and 40 % of its population . The main tenets of the Peace of Westphalia , which ended the Thirty Years ' War , were :
The original charter of the Province of East Jersey had restricted membership in the Assembly to Christians ; the Duke of York was fervently Catholic , and the proprietors of Perth Amboy , New Jersey were Scottish Catholic peers . The Province of West Jersey had declared , in 1681 , that there should be no religious test for office . An oath had also been imposed on the militia during the French and Indian War requiring them to abjure the pretensions of the Pope , which may or may not have been applied during the Revolution . That law was replaced by 1799 .
The current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , of the United States House of Representatives serves as floor leader of the opposition party , and is the counterpart to the Majority Leader . Unlike the Majority Leader , the Minority Leader is on the ballot for Speaker of the House during the convening of the Congress . If the Minority Leader 's party takes control of the House , and the party officers are all re-elected to their seats , the Minority Leader is usually the party 's top choice for Speaker for the next Congress , while the Minority Whip is typically in line to become Majority Leader . The Minority Leader usually meets with the Majority Leader and the Speaker to discuss agreements on controversial issues .
Swayambhu is a Buddhist stupa atop a hillock at the northwestern part of the city . This is among the oldest religious sites in Nepal . Although the site is considered Buddhist , it is revered by both Buddhists and Hindus . The stupa consists of a dome at the base ; above the dome , there is a cubic structure with the eyes of Buddha looking in all four directions . [ clarification needed ] There are pentagonal Toran above each of the four sides , with statues engraved on them . Behind and above the torana there are thirteen tiers . Above all the tiers , there is a small space above which lies a gajur .
World War II ( 1939-1945 ) devastated the country 's economy , but the high levels of economic growth that followed from 1950 to 1980 have been called the Greek economic miracle . From 2000 Greece saw high levels of GDP growth above the Eurozone average , peaking at 5.8 % in 2003 and 5.7 % in 2006 . The subsequent Great Recession and Greek government-debt crisis , a central focus of the wider European debt crisis , plunged the economy into a sharp downturn , with real GDP growth rates of −0.3 % in 2008 , −4.3 % in 2009 , −5.5 % in 2010 , −9.1 % in 2011 , −7.3 % in 2012 and −3.2 % in 2013 . In 2011 , the country 's public debt reached €356 billion ( 172 % of nominal GDP ) . After negotiating the biggest debt restructuring in history with the private sector , Greece reduced its sovereign debt burden to €280 billion ( 137 % of GDP ) in the first quarter of 2012 . Greece achieved a real GDP growth rate of 0.7 % in 2014 after 6 years of economic decline , but fell back into recession in 2015 .
Brasília is known as a departing point for the practice of unpowered air sports , sports that may be practiced with hang gliding or paragliding wings . Practitioners of such sports reveal that , because of the city 's dry weather , the city offers strong thermal winds and great " cloud-streets " , which is also the name for a manoeuvre quite appreciated by practitioners . In 2003 , Brasília hosted the 14th Hang Gliding World Championship , one of the categories of free flying . In August 2005 , the city hosted the 2nd stage of the Brazilian Hang Gliding Championship .
In May 1955 , McCarthy threatened to issue subpoenas to White House personnel . Eisenhower was furious , and issued an order as follows : " It is essential to efficient and effective administration that employees of the Executive Branch be in a position to be completely candid in advising with each other on official matters ... it is not in the public interest that any of their conversations or communications , or any documents or reproductions , concerning such advice be disclosed . " This was an unprecedented step by Eisenhower to protect communication beyond the confines of a cabinet meeting , and soon became a tradition known as executive privilege . Ike 's denial of McCarthy 's access to his staff reduced McCarthy 's hearings to rants about trivial matters , and contributed to his ultimate downfall .
In the years that followed , Eisenhower increased the number of U.S. military advisors in South Vietnam to 900 men . This was due to North Vietnam 's support of " uprisings " in the south and concern the nation would fall . In May 1957 Diem , then President of South Vietnam , made a state visit to the United States for ten days . President Eisenhower pledged his continued support , and a parade was held in Diem 's honor in New York City . Although Diem was publicly praised , in private Secretary of State John Foster Dulles conceded that Diem had been selected because there were no better alternatives .
Penny Marshall 's 1990 film Awakenings , which was nominated for several Oscars , is based on neurologist Oliver Sacks ' 1973 account of his psychiatric patients at Beth Abraham Hospital in the Bronx who were paralyzed by a form of encephalitis but briefly responded to the drug L-dopa . Robin Williams played the physician ; Robert De Niro was one of the patients who emerged from a catatonic ( frozen ) state . The home of Williams ' character was shot not far from Sacks ' actual City Island residence . A 1973 Yorkshire Television documentary and " A Kind of Alaska " , a 1985 play by Harold Pinter , were also based on Sacks ' book .
Greece has tended to lag behind its European Union partners in terms of Internet use , with the gap closing rapidly in recent years . The percentage of households with access to the Internet more than doubled between 2006 and 2013 , from 23 % to 56 % respectively ( compared with an EU average of 49 % and 79 % ) . At the same time , there has been a massive increase in the proportion of households with a broadband connection , from 4 % in 2006 to 55 % in 2013 ( compared with an EU average of 30 % and 76 % ) . However , Greece also has the EU 's third highest percentage of people who have never used the Internet : 36 % in 2013 , down from 65 % in 2006 ( compared with an EU average of 21 % and 42 % ) .
The Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market , in the West Bronx , is a shopping center that encompasses less than one million square feet of retail space , built on a 17 acres ( 7 ha ) site that formerly held the Bronx Terminal Market , a wholesale fruit and vegetable market as well as the former Bronx House of Detention , south of Yankee Stadium . The $ 500 million shopping center , which was completed in 2009 , saw the construction of new buildings and two smaller buildings , one new and the other a renovation of an existing building that was part of the original market . The two main buildings are linked by a six-level garage for 2,600 cars . The center has earned itself a LEED " Silver " designation in its design .
In China , Yellow Emperor is regarded as the humanistic primogenitor . [ citation needed ] Sage kings such as Yao and Shun are humanistic figures as recorded . [ citation needed ] King Wu of Zhou has the famous saying : " Humanity is the Ling ( efficacious essence ) of the world ( among all ) . " Among them Duke of Zhou , respected as a founder of Rujia ( Confucianism ) , is especially prominent and pioneering in humanistic thought . His words were recorded in the Book of History as follows ( translation ) : [ citation needed ]
The second main principle , sola fide ( by faith alone ) , states that faith in Christ is sufficient alone for eternal salvation . Though argued from scripture , and hence logically consequent to sola scriptura , this is the guiding principle of the work of Luther and the later reformers . Because sola scriptura placed the Bible as the only source of teaching , sola fide epitomises the main thrust of the teaching the reformers wanted to get back to , namely the direct , close , personal connection between Christ and the believer , hence the reformers ' contention that their work was Christocentric .
The Watch Tower Society rejects accusations that it is a false prophet , stating that its teachings are not inspired or infallible , and that it has not claimed its predictions were " the words of Jehovah . " George D. Chryssides has suggested that with the exception of statements about 1914 , 1925 and 1975 , the changing views and dates of the Jehovah 's Witnesses are largely attributable to changed understandings of biblical chronology than to failed predictions . Chryssides further states , " it is therefore simplistic and naïve to view the Witnesses as a group that continues to set a single end-date that fails and then devise a new one , as many counter-cultists do . " However , sociologist Andrew Holden states that since the foundation of the movement around 140 years ago , " Witnesses have maintained that we are living on the precipice of the end of time . "
From 1966 , Witness publications and convention talks built anticipation of the possibility that Christ 's thousand-year reign might begin in late 1975 or shortly thereafter . The number of baptisms increased significantly , from about 59,000 in 1966 to more than 297,000 in 1974 . By 1975 , the number of active members exceeded two million . Membership declined during the late 1970s after expectations for 1975 were proved wrong . Watch Tower Society literature did not state dogmatically that 1975 would definitely mark the end , but in 1980 the Watch Tower Society admitted its responsibility in building up hope regarding that year .
For the popular taste however , light music , particularly Ghazals and folk songs , which have an appeal of their own , the names of Mehdi Hassan , Ghulam Ali , Nur Jehan , Malika Pukhraj , Farida Khanum , Roshen Ara Begum , and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan are well-known . Folk songs and dances of the Punjab reflect a wide range of moods : the rains , sowing and harvesting seasons . Luddi , Bhangra and Sammi depict the joy of living . Love legends of Heer Ranjha , Mirza Sahiban , Sohni Mahenwal and Saiful Mulk are sung in different styles .
Between 1949 and the 1980s , telephone communications in Greece were a state monopoly by the Hellenic Telecommunications Organization , better known by its acronym , OTE . Despite the liberalization of telephone communications in the country in the 1980s , OTE still dominates the Greek market in its field and has emerged as one of the largest telecommunications companies in Southeast Europe . Since 2011 , the company 's major shareholder is Deutsche Telekom with a 40 % stake , while the Greek state continues to own 10 % of the company 's shares . OTE owns several subsidiaries across the Balkans , including Cosmote , Greece 's top mobile telecommunications provider , Cosmote Romania and Albanian Mobile Communications .
According to Der Spiegel , credits given to European governments were disguised as " swaps " and consequently did not get registered as debt because Eurostat at the time ignored statistics involving financial derivatives . A German derivatives dealer had commented to Der Spiegel that " The Maastricht rules can be circumvented quite legally through swaps , " and " In previous years , Italy used a similar trick to mask its true debt with the help of a different US bank . " These conditions had enabled Greek as well as many other European governments to spend beyond their means , while meeting the deficit targets of the European Union and the monetary union guidelines . In May 2010 , the Greek government deficit was again revised and estimated to be 13.6 % which was the second highest in the world relative to GDP with Iceland in first place at 15.7 % and Great Britain third with 12.6 % . Public debt was forecast , according to some estimates , to hit 120 % of GDP during 2010 .
The Roman Empire expanded to include different peoples and cultures ; in principle , Rome followed the same inclusionist policies that had recognised Latin , Etruscan and other Italian peoples , cults and deities as Roman . Those who acknowledged Rome 's hegemony retained their own cult and religious calendars , independent of Roman religious law . Newly municipal Sabratha built a Capitolium near its existing temple to Liber Pater and Serapis . Autonomy and concord were official policy , but new foundations by Roman citizens or their Romanised allies were likely to follow Roman cultic models . Romanisation offered distinct political and practical advantages , especially to local elites . All the known effigies from the 2nd century AD forum at Cuicul are of emperors or Concordia . By the middle of the 1st century AD , Gaulish Vertault seems to have abandoned its native cultic sacrifice of horses and dogs in favour of a newly established , Romanised cult nearby : by the end of that century , Sabratha ’ s so-called tophet was no longer in use . Colonial and later Imperial provincial dedications to Rome 's Capitoline Triad were a logical choice , not a centralised legal requirement . Major cult centres to " non-Roman " deities continued to prosper : notable examples include the magnificent Alexandrian Serapium , the temple of Aesculapeus at Pergamum and Apollo 's sacred wood at Antioch .
Egyptian cinema became a regional force with the coming of sound . In 1936 , Studio Misr , financed by industrialist Talaat Harb , emerged as the leading Egyptian studio , a role the company retained for three decades . For over 100 years , more than 4000 films have been produced in Egypt , three quarters of the total Arab production . [ citation needed ] Egypt is considered the leading country in the field of cinema in the Middle East . Actors from all over the Arab World seek to appear in the Egyptian cinema for the sake of fame . The Cairo International Film Festival has been rated as one of 11 festivals with a top class rating worldwide by the International Federation of Film Producers ' Associations .
From 1920 , Eisenhower served under a succession of talented generals – Fox Conner , John J. Pershing , Douglas MacArthur and George Marshall . He first became executive officer to General Conner in the Panama Canal Zone , where , joined by Mamie , he served until 1924 . Under Conner 's tutelage , he studied military history and theory ( including Carl von Clausewitz 's On War ) , and later cited Conner 's enormous influence on his military thinking , saying in 1962 that " Fox Conner was the ablest man I ever knew . " Conner 's comment on Eisenhower was , " [ He ] is one of the most capable , efficient and loyal officers I have ever met . " On Conner 's recommendation , in 1925–26 he attended the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , where he graduated first in a class of 245 officers . He then served as a battalion commander at Fort Benning , Georgia , until 1927 .
The Bronx has several local newspapers , including The Bronx News , Parkchester News , City News , The Riverdale Press , Riverdale Review , The Bronx Times Reporter , Inner City Press ( which now has more of a focus on national issues ) and Co-Op City Times . Four non-profit news outlets , Norwood News , Mount Hope Monitor , Mott Haven Herald and The Hunts Point Express serve the borough 's poorer communities . The editor and co-publisher of The Riverdale Press , Bernard Stein , won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing for his editorials about Bronx and New York City issues in 1998 . ( Stein graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1959 . )
The Church of England declared its independence from the Catholic Church at the time of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement . Many of the new Anglican formularies of the mid-16th century corresponded closely to those of contemporary Reformed tradition . These reforms were understood by one of those most responsible for them , the then Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer , as navigating a middle way between two of the emerging Protestant traditions , namely Lutheranism and Calvinism . By the end of the century , the retention in Anglicanism of many traditional liturgical forms and of the episcopate was already seen as unacceptable by those promoting the most developed Protestant principles .
With the abatement of persecution , St. Jerome acknowledged the Empire as a bulwark against evil but insisted that " imperial honours " were contrary to Christian teaching . His was an authoritative but minority voice : most Christians showed no qualms in the veneration of even " pagan " emperors . The peace of the emperors was the peace of God ; as far as the Church was concerned , internal dissent and doctrinal schism were a far greater problem . The solution came from a hitherto unlikely source : as pontifex maximus Constantine I favoured the " Catholic Church of the Christians " against the Donatists because :
Although the initial focus of the humanist scholars in the university was the discovery , exposition and insertion of ancient texts and languages into the university , and the ideas of those texts into society generally , their influence was ultimately quite progressive . The emergence of classical texts brought new ideas and led to a more creative university climate ( as the notable list of scholars above attests to ) . A focus on knowledge coming from self , from the human , has a direct implication for new forms of scholarship and instruction , and was the foundation for what is commonly known as the humanities . This disposition toward knowledge manifested in not simply the translation and propagation of ancient texts , but also their adaptation and expansion . For instance , Vesalius was imperative for advocating the use of Galen , but he also invigorated this text with experimentation , disagreements and further research . The propagation of these texts , especially within the universities , was greatly aided by the emergence of the printing press and the beginning of the use of the vernacular , which allowed for the printing of relatively large texts at reasonable prices .
Shooting as practised in Britain , as opposed to traditional hunting , requires little questing for game—around thirty-five million birds are released onto shooting estates every year , some having been factory farmed . Shoots can be elaborate affairs with guns placed in assigned positions and assistants to help load shotguns . When in position , " beaters " move through the areas of cover , swinging sticks or flags to drive the game out . Such events are often called " drives " . The open season for grouse in the UK begins on 12 August , the so-called Glorious Twelfth . The definition of game in the United Kingdom is governed by the Game Act 1831 .
Eric P. Hamp in his 2012 Indo-European family tree , groups the Armenian language along with Greek and Ancient Macedonian ( " Helleno-Macedonian " ) in the Pontic Indo-European ( also called Helleno-Armenian ) subgroup . In Hamp 's view the homeland of this subgroup is the northeast coast of the Black Sea and its hinterlands . He assumes that they migrated from there southeast through the Caucasus with the Armenians remaining after Batumi while the pre-Greeks proceeded westwards along the southern coast of the Black Sea .
The Bronx contains one of the five poorest Congressional Districts in the United States , the 15th , but its wide diversity also includes affluent , upper-income and middle-income neighborhoods such as Riverdale , Fieldston , Spuyten Duyvil , Schuylerville , Pelham Bay , Pelham Gardens , Morris Park and Country Club . The Bronx , particularly the South Bronx , saw a sharp decline in population , livable housing , and the quality of life in the late 1960s and the 1970s , culminating in a wave of arson . Since then the communities have shown significant redevelopment starting in the late 1980s before picking up pace in the 1990s into today .
Because it is normal to have bacterial colonization , it is difficult to know which chronic wounds are infected . Despite the huge number of wounds seen in clinical practice , there are limited quality data for evaluated symptoms and signs . A review of chronic wounds in the Journal of the American Medical Association 's " Rational Clinical Examination Series " quantified the importance of increased pain as an indicator of infection . The review showed that the most useful finding is an increase in the level of pain [ likelihood ratio ( LR ) range , 11-20 ] makes infection much more likely , but the absence of pain ( negative likelihood ratio range , 0.64-0.88 ) does not rule out infection ( summary LR 0.64-0.88 ) .
Since 1934 , the sale of Federal Duck Stamps has generated $ 670 million , and helped to purchase or lease 5,200,000 acres ( 8,100 sq mi ; 21,000 km2 ) of habitat . The stamps serve as a license to hunt migratory birds , an entrance pass for all National Wildlife Refuge areas , and are also considered collectors items often purchased for aesthetic reasons outside of the hunting and birding communities . Although non-hunters buy a significant number of Duck Stamps , eighty-seven percent of their sales are contributed by hunters , which is logical , as hunters are required to purchase them . Distribution of funds is managed by the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission ( MBCC ) .
Operation Torch also served as a valuable training ground for Eisenhower 's combat command skills ; during the initial phase of Generalfeldmarschall Erwin Rommel 's move into the Kasserine Pass , Eisenhower created some confusion in the ranks by some interference with the execution of battle plans by his subordinates . He also was initially indecisive in his removal of Lloyd Fredendall , commanding U.S. II Corps . He became more adroit in such matters in later campaigns . In February 1943 , his authority was extended as commander of AFHQ across the Mediterranean basin to include the British Eighth Army , commanded by General Sir Bernard Montgomery . The Eighth Army had advanced across the Western Desert from the east and was ready for the start of the Tunisia Campaign . Eisenhower gained his fourth star and gave up command of ETOUSA to become commander of NATOUSA .
After the Great Fire of Rome in 64 AD , Emperor Nero accused the Christians as convenient scapegoats , who were later persecuted and killed . From that point on , Roman official policy towards Christianity tended towards persecution . During the various Imperial crises of the 3rd century , “ contemporaries were predisposed to decode any crisis in religious terms ” , regardless of their allegiance to particular practices or belief systems . Christianity drew its traditional base of support from the powerless , who seemed to have no religious stake in the well-being of the Roman State , and therefore threatened its existence . The majority of Rome ’ s elite continued to observe various forms of inclusive Hellenistic monism ; Neoplatonism in particular accommodated the miraculous and the ascetic within a traditional Graeco-Roman cultic framework . Christians saw these ungodly practices as a primary cause of economic and political crisis .
Kirant Mundhum is one of the indigenous animistic practices of Nepal . It is practiced by Kirat people . Some animistic aspects of Kirant beliefs , such as ancestor worship ( worship of Ajima ) are also found in Newars of Kirant origin . Ancient religious sites believed to be worshipped by ancient Kirats , such as Pashupatinath , Wanga Akash Bhairabh ( Yalambar ) and Ajima are now worshipped by people of all Dharmic religions in Kathmandu . Kirats who have migrated from other parts of Nepal to Kathmandu practice Mundhum in the city .
But in the mid-18th century , during the French Enlightenment , a more ideological use of the term had come into use . In 1765 , the author of an anonymous article in a French Enlightenment periodical spoke of " The general love of humanity ... a virtue hitherto quite nameless among us , and which we will venture to call 'humanism ' , for the time has come to create a word for such a beautiful and necessary thing " . The latter part of the 18th and the early 19th centuries saw the creation of numerous grass-roots " philanthropic " and benevolent societies dedicated to human betterment and the spreading of knowledge ( some Christian , some not ) . After the French Revolution , the idea that human virtue could be created by human reason alone independently from traditional religious institutions , attributed by opponents of the Revolution to Enlightenment philosophes such as Rousseau , was violently attacked by influential religious and political conservatives , such as Edmund Burke and Joseph de Maistre , as a deification or idolatry of humanity . Humanism began to acquire a negative sense . The Oxford English Dictionary records the use of the word " humanism " by an English clergyman in 1812 to indicate those who believe in the " mere humanity " ( as opposed to the divine nature ) of Christ , i.e. , Unitarians and Deists . In this polarised atmosphere , in which established ecclesiastical bodies tended to circle the wagons and reflexively oppose political and social reforms like extending the franchise , universal schooling , and the like , liberal reformers and radicals embraced the idea of Humanism as an alternative religion of humanity . The anarchist Proudhon ( best known for declaring that " property is theft " ) used the word " humanism " to describe a " culte , déification de l ’ humanité " ( " worship , deification of humanity " ) and Ernest Renan in L ’ avenir de la science : pensées de 1848 ( " The Future of Knowledge : Thoughts on 1848 " ) ( 1848–49 ) , states : " It is my deep conviction that pure humanism will be the religion of the future , that is , the cult of all that pertains to humanity—all of life , sanctified and raised to the level of a moral value . "
Education in the Bronx is provided by a large number of public and private institutions , many of which draw students who live beyond the Bronx . The New York City Department of Education manages public noncharter schools in the borough . In 2000 , public schools enrolled nearly 280,000 of the Bronx 's residents over 3 years old ( out of 333,100 enrolled in all pre-college schools ) . There are also several public charter schools . Private schools range from élite independent schools to religiously affiliated schools run by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and Jewish organizations .
The first and last Roman known as a living divus was Julius Caesar , who seems to have aspired to divine monarchy ; he was murdered soon after . Greek allies had their own traditional cults to rulers as divine benefactors , and offered similar cult to Caesar 's successor , Augustus , who accepted with the cautious proviso that expatriate Roman citizens refrain from such worship ; it might prove fatal . By the end of his reign , Augustus had appropriated Rome 's political apparatus – and most of its religious cults – within his " reformed " and thoroughly integrated system of government . Towards the end of his life , he cautiously allowed cult to his numen . By then the Imperial cult apparatus was fully developed , first in the Eastern Provinces , then in the West . Provincial Cult centres offered the amenities and opportunities of a major Roman town within a local context ; bathhouses , shrines and temples to Roman and local deities , amphitheatres and festivals . In the early Imperial period , the promotion of local elites to Imperial priesthood gave them Roman citizenship .
Although the Adventist churches hold much in common , their theologies differ on whether the intermediate state is unconscious sleep or consciousness , whether the ultimate punishment of the wicked is annihilation or eternal torment , the nature of immortality , whether or not the wicked are resurrected after the millennium , and whether the sanctuary of Daniel 8 refers to the one in heaven or one on earth . The movement has encouraged the examination of the whole Bible , leading Seventh-day Adventists and some smaller Adventist groups to observe the Sabbath . The General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists has compiled that church 's core beliefs in the 28 Fundamental Beliefs ( 1980 and 2005 ) , which use Biblical references as justification .
The total length of roads in Nepal is recorded to be ( 17,182 km ( 10,676 mi ) ) , as of 2003–04 . This fairly large network has helped the economic development of the country , particularly in the fields of agriculture , horticulture , vegetable farming , industry and also tourism . In view of the hilly terrain , transportation takes place in Kathmandu are mainly by road and air . Kathmandu is connected by the Tribhuvan Highway to the south , Prithvi Highway to the west and Araniko Highway to the north . The BP Highway , connecting Kathmandu to the eastern part of Nepal is under construction .
Hunting is claimed to give resource managers an important tool in managing populations that might exceed the carrying capacity of their habitat and threaten the well-being of other species , or , in some instances , damage human health or safety . [ citation needed ] However , in most circumstances carrying capacity is determined by a combination habitat and food availability , and hunting for 'population control ' has no effect on the annual population of species . [ citation needed ] In some cases , it can increase the population of predators such as coyotes by removing territorial bounds that would otherwise be established , resulting in excess neighbouring migrations into an area , thus artificially increasing the population . Hunting advocates [ who ? ] assert that hunting reduces intraspecific competition for food and shelter , reducing mortality among the remaining animals . Some environmentalists assert [ who ? ] that ( re ) introducing predators would achieve the same end with greater efficiency and less negative effect , such as introducing significant amounts of free lead into the environment and food chain .
Brasília has a tropical savanna climate ( Aw ) according to the Köppen system , with two distinct seasons : the rainy season , from October to April , and a dry season , from May to September . The average temperature is 20.6 °C ( 69.1 °F ) . September , at the end of the dry season , has the highest average maximum temperature , 28.3 °C ( 82.9 °F ) , has major and minor lower maximum average temperature , of 25.1 °C ( 77.2 °F ) and 12.9 °C ( 55.2 °F ) , respectively . Average temperatures from September through March are a consistent 22 °C ( 72 °F ) . With 247.4 mm ( 9.7 in ) , January is the month with the highest rainfall of the year , while June is the lowest , with only 8.7 mm ( 0.3 in ) .
The Devonian spanned roughly from 419 to 359 Ma . The period was a time of great tectonic activity , as Laurasia and Gondwana drew closer together . The continent Euramerica ( or Laurussia ) was created in the early Devonian by the collision of Laurentia and Baltica , which rotated into the natural dry zone along the Tropic of Capricorn . In these near-deserts , the Old Red Sandstone sedimentary beds formed , made red by the oxidized iron ( hematite ) characteristic of drought conditions . Near the equator Pangaea began to consolidate from the plates containing North America and Europe , further raising the northern Appalachian Mountains and forming the Caledonian Mountains in Great Britain and Scandinavia . The southern continents remained tied together in the supercontinent of Gondwana . The remainder of modern Eurasia lay in the Northern Hemisphere . Sea levels were high worldwide , and much of the land lay submerged under shallow seas . The deep , enormous Panthalassa ( the " universal ocean " ) covered the rest of the planet . Other minor oceans were Paleo-Tethys , Proto-Tethys , Rheic Ocean and Ural Ocean ( which was closed during the collision with Siberia and Baltica ) .
Eisenhower 's main goals in office were to keep pressure on the Soviet Union and reduce federal deficits . In the first year of his presidency , he threatened the use of nuclear weapons in an effort to conclude the Korean War ; his New Look policy of nuclear deterrence prioritized inexpensive nuclear weapons while reducing funding for conventional military forces . He ordered coups in Iran and Guatemala . Eisenhower refused to give major aid to help France in Vietnam . He gave strong financial support to the new nation of South Vietnam . Congress agreed to his request in 1955 for the Formosa Resolution , which obliged the U.S. to militarily support the pro-Western Republic of China in Taiwan and continue the isolation of the People 's Republic of China .
Earth was initially molten due to extreme volcanism and frequent collisions with other bodies . Eventually , the outer layer of the planet cooled to form a solid crust when water began accumulating in the atmosphere . The Moon formed soon afterwards , possibly as the result of a Mars-sized object with about 10 % of the Earth 's mass impacting the planet in a glancing blow . Some of this object 's mass merged with the Earth , significantly altering its internal composition , and a portion was ejected into space . Some of the material survived to form an orbiting moon . Outgassing and volcanic activity produced the primordial atmosphere . Condensing water vapor , augmented by ice delivered from comets , produced the oceans .
Constantine successfully balanced his own role as an instrument of the pax deorum with the power of the Christian priesthoods in determining what was ( in traditional Roman terms ) auspicious - or in Christian terms , what was orthodox . The edict of Milan ( 313 ) redefined Imperial ideology as one of mutual toleration . Constantine had triumphed under the signum ( sign ) of the Christ : Christianity was therefore officially embraced along with traditional religions and from his new Eastern capital , Constantine could be seen to embody both Christian and Hellenic religious interests . He may have officially ended – or attempted to end – blood sacrifices to the genius of living emperors but his Imperial iconography and court ceremonial outstripped Diocletian 's in their supra-human elevation of the Imperial hierarch . His later direct intervention in Church affairs proved a political masterstroke . Constantine united the empire as an absolute head of state , and on his death , he was honored as a Christian , Imperial , and " divus " .
Minority leaders may engage in numerous activities to publicize their party 's priorities and to criticize the opposition 's . For instance , to keep their party colleagues " on message , " they insure that partisan colleagues are sent packets of suggested press releases or " talking points " for constituent meetings in their districts ; they help to organize " town meetings " in Members ' districts around the country to publicize the party 's agenda or a specific priority , such as health care or education ; they sponsor party " retreats " to discuss issues and assess the party 's public image ; they create " theme teams " to craft party messages that might be raised during the one-minute , morning hour , or special order period in the House ; they conduct surveys of party colleagues to discern their policy preferences ; they establish websites that highlight and distribute party images and issues to users ; and they organize task forces or issue teams to formulate party programs and to develop strategies for communicating these programs to the public .
As the election approached , other prominent citizens and politicians from both parties urged Eisenhower to run for president . In January 1948 , after learning of plans in New Hampshire to elect delegates supporting him for the forthcoming Republican National Convention , Eisenhower stated through the Army that he was " not available for and could not accept nomination to high political office " ; " life-long professional soldiers " , he wrote , " in the absence of some obvious and overriding reason , [ should ] abstain from seeking high political office " . Eisenhower maintained no political party affiliation during this time . Many believed he was forgoing his only opportunity to be president ; Republican Thomas E. Dewey was considered the other probable winner , would presumably serve two terms , and Eisenhower , at age 66 in 1956 , would then be too old .
In May 2007 , YouTube launched its Partner Program , a system based on AdSense which allows the uploader of the video to share the revenue produced by advertising on the site . YouTube typically takes 45 percent of the advertising revenue from videos in the Partner Program , with 55 percent going to the uploader . There are over a million members of the YouTube Partner Program . According to TubeMogul , in 2013 a pre-roll advertisement on YouTube ( one that is shown before the video starts ) cost advertisers on average $ 7.60 per 1000 views . Usually no more than half of eligible videos have a pre-roll advertisement , due to a lack of interested advertisers . Assuming pre-roll advertisements on half of videos , a YouTube partner would earn 0.5 X $ 7.60 X 55 % = $ 2.09 per 1000 views in 2013 .
The country is a significant agricultural producer within the EU . Greece has the largest economy in the Balkans and is as an important regional investor . Greece was the largest foreign investor in Albania in 2013 , the third in Bulgaria , in the top-three in Romania and Serbia and the most important trading partner and largest foreign investor in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia . The Greek telecommunications company OTE has become a strong investor in former Yugoslavia and in other Balkan countries .
Imported mystery religions , which offered initiates salvation in the afterlife , were a matter of personal choice for an individual , practiced in addition to carrying on one 's family rites and participating in public religion . The mysteries , however , involved exclusive oaths and secrecy , conditions that conservative Romans viewed with suspicion as characteristic of " magic " , conspiratorial ( coniuratio ) , or subversive activity . Sporadic and sometimes brutal attempts were made to suppress religionists who seemed to threaten traditional morality and unity , as with the senate 's efforts to restrict the Bacchanals in 186 BC .
Sikhism is practiced primarily in Gurudwara at Kupundole . An earlier temple of Sikhism is also present in Kathmandu which is now defunct . Jainism is practiced by a small community . A Jain temple is present in Gyaneshwar , where Jains practice their faith . According to the records of the Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of Nepal , there are approximately 300 Baha'is in Kathmandu valley . They have a National Office located in Shantinagar , Baneshwor . The Baha'is also have classes for children at the National Centre and other localities in Kathmandu . Islam is practised in Kathmandu but Muslims are a minority , accounting for about 4.2 % of the population of Nepal . [ citation needed ] It is said that in Kathmandu alone there are 170 Christian churches . Christian missionary hospitals , welfare organizations , and schools are also operating . Nepali citizens who served as soldiers in Indian and British armies , who had converted to Christianity while in service , on return to Nepal continue to practice their religion . They have contributed to the spread of Christianity and the building of churches in Nepal and in Kathmandu , in particular .
His parents set aside specific times at breakfast and at dinner for daily family Bible reading . Chores were regularly assigned and rotated among all the children , and misbehavior was met with unequivocal discipline , usually from David . His mother , previously a member ( with David ) of the River Brethren sect of the Mennonites , joined the International Bible Students Association , later known as Jehovah 's Witnesses . The Eisenhower home served as the local meeting hall from 1896 to 1915 , though Eisenhower never joined the International Bible Students . His later decision to attend West Point saddened his mother , who felt that warfare was " rather wicked , " but she did not overrule him . While speaking of himself in 1948 , Eisenhower said he was " one of the most deeply religious men I know " though unattached to any " sect or organization " . He was baptized in the Presbyterian Church in 1953 .
Beginning in first decade of the 15th century , Jan Hus—a Roman Catholic priest , Czech reformist and professor—influenced by John Wycliffe 's writings , founded the Hussite movement . He strongly advocated his reformist Bohemian religious denomination . He was excommunicated and burned at the stake in Constance , Bishopric of Constance in 1415 by secular authorities for unrepentant and persistent heresy . After his execution , a revolt erupted . Hussites defeated five continuous crusades proclaimed against them by the Pope .
Jehovah 's Witnesses are perhaps best known for their efforts to spread their beliefs , most notably by visiting people from house to house , distributing literature published by the Watch Tower Society in 700 languages . The objective is to start a regular " Bible study " with any person who is not already a member , with the intention that the student be baptized as a member of the group ; Witnesses are advised to consider discontinuing Bible studies with students who show no interest in becoming members . Witnesses are taught they are under a biblical command to engage in public preaching . They are instructed to devote as much time as possible to their ministry and are required to submit an individual monthly " Field Service Report " . Baptized members who fail to report a month of preaching are termed " irregular " and may be counseled by elders ; those who do not submit reports for six consecutive months are termed " inactive " .
During the feudal and colonial times in British India , hunting was regarded as a regal sport in the numerous princely states , as many maharajas and nawabs , as well as British officers , maintained a whole corps of shikaris ( big-game hunters ) , who were native professional hunters . They would be headed by a master of the hunt , who might be styled mir-shikar . Often , they recruited the normally low-ranking local tribes because of their traditional knowledge of the environment and hunting techniques . Big game , such as Bengal tigers , might be hunted from the back of an elephant .
In a factor analysis of the latest wave of World Values Survey data , Arno Tausch ( Corvinus University of Budapest ) found that Protestantism emerges to be very close to combining religion and the traditions of liberalism . The Global Value Development Index , calculated by Tausch , relies on the World Values Survey dimensions such as trust in the state of law , no support for shadow economy , postmaterial activism , support for democracy , a non-acceptance of violence , xenophobia and racism , trust in transnational capital and Universities , confidence in the market economy , supporting gender justice , and engaging in environmental activism , etc .
Jefferson 's concept of " separation of church and state " first became a part of Establishment Clause jurisprudence in Reynolds v. U.S. , 98 U.S. 145 ( 1878 ) . In that case , the court examined the history of religious liberty in the US , determining that while the constitution guarantees religious freedom , " The word 'religion ' is not defined in the Constitution . We must go elsewhere , therefore , to ascertain its meaning , and nowhere more appropriately , we think , than to the history of the times in the midst of which the provision was adopted . " The court found that the leaders in advocating and formulating the constitutional guarantee of religious liberty were James Madison and Thomas Jefferson . Quoting the " separation " paragraph from Jefferson 's letter to the Danbury Baptists , the court concluded that , " coming as this does from an acknowledged leader of the advocates of the measure , it may be accepted almost as an authoritative declaration of the scope and effect of the amendment thus secured . "
Most videos enable users to leave comments , and these have attracted attention for the negative aspects of both their form and content . In 2006 , Time praised Web 2.0 for enabling " community and collaboration on a scale never seen before " , and added that YouTube " harnesses the stupidity of crowds as well as its wisdom . Some of the comments on YouTube make you weep for the future of humanity just for the spelling alone , never mind the obscenity and the naked hatred " . The Guardian in 2009 described users ' comments on YouTube as :
Eisenhower 's stint as the president of Columbia University was punctuated by his activity within the Council on Foreign Relations , a study group he led as president concerning the political and military implications of the Marshall Plan , and The American Assembly , Eisenhower 's " vision of a great cultural center where business , professional and governmental leaders could meet from time to time to discuss and reach conclusions concerning problems of a social and political nature " . His biographer Blanche Wiesen Cook suggested that this period served as " the political education of General Eisenhower " , since he had to prioritize wide-ranging educational , administrative , and financial demands for the university . Through his involvement in the Council on Foreign Relations , he also gained exposure to economic analysis , which would become the bedrock of his understanding in economic policy . " Whatever General Eisenhower knows about economics , he has learned at the study group meetings , " one Aid to Europe member claimed .
The territory now contained within Bronx County was originally part of Westchester County , one of the 12 original counties of the English Province of New York . The present Bronx County was contained in the town of Westchester and parts of the towns of Yonkers , Eastchester , and Pelham . In 1846 , a new town , West Farms , was created by division of Westchester ; in turn , in 1855 , the town of Morrisania was created from West Farms . In 1873 , the town of Kingsbridge ( roughly corresponding to the modern Bronx neighborhoods of Kingsbridge , Riverdale , and Woodlawn ) was established within the former borders of Yonkers .
The terms international policing , transnational policing , and/or global policing began to be used from the early 1990s onwards to describe forms of policing that transcended the boundaries of the sovereign nation-state ( Nadelmann , 1993 ) , ( Sheptycki , 1995 ) . These terms refer in variable ways to practices and forms for policing that , in some sense , transcend national borders . This includes a variety of practices , but international police cooperation , criminal intelligence exchange between police agencies working in different nation-states , and police development-aid to weak , failed or failing states are the three types that have received the most scholarly attention .
Armenian literature dates back to 400 AD , when Mesrop Mashtots first invented the Armenian alphabet . This period of time is often viewed as the Golden Age of Armenian literature . Early Armenian literature was written by the " father of Armenian history " , Moses of Chorene , who authored The History of Armenia . The book covers the time-frame from the formation of the Armenian people to the fifth century AD . The nineteenth century beheld a great literary movement that was to give rise to modern Armenian literature . This period of time , during which Armenian culture flourished , is known as the Revival period ( Zartonki sherchan ) . The Revivalist authors of Constantinople and Tiflis , almost identical to the Romanticists of Europe , were interested in encouraging Armenian nationalism . Most of them adopted the newly created Eastern or Western variants of the Armenian language depending on the targeted audience , and preferred them over classical Armenian ( grabar ) . This period ended after the Hamidian massacres , when Armenians experienced turbulent times . As Armenian history of the 1920s and of the Genocide came to be more openly discussed , writers like Paruyr Sevak , Gevork Emin , Silva Kaputikyan and Hovhannes Shiraz began a new era of literature .
Witnesses believe that a " little flock " go to heaven , but that the hope for life after death for the majority of " other sheep " involves being resurrected by God to a cleansed earth after Armageddon . They interpret Revelation 14:1–5 to mean that the number of Christians going to heaven is limited to exactly 144,000 , who will rule with Jesus as kings and priests over earth . Jehovah 's Witnesses teach that only they meet scriptural requirements for surviving Armageddon , but that God is the final judge . During Christ 's millennial reign , most people who died prior to Armageddon will be resurrected with the prospect of living forever ; they will be taught the proper way to worship God to prepare them for their final test at the end of the millennium .
After a visit to Brasília , the French writer Simone de Beauvoir complained that all of its superquadras exuded " the same air of elegant monotony , " and other observers have equated the city 's large open lawns , plazas , and fields to wastelands . As the city has matured , some of these have gained adornments , and many have been improved by landscaping , giving some observers a sense of " humanized " spaciousness . Although not fully accomplished , the " Brasília utopia " has produced a city of relatively high quality of life , in which the citizens live in forested areas with sporting and leisure structure ( the superquadras ) flanked by small commercial areas , bookstores and cafes ; the city is famous for its cuisine and efficiency of transit .
Consistent with Calvin 's political ideas , Protestants created both the English and the American democracies . In seventeenth-century England , the most important persons and events in this process were the English Civil War , Oliver Cromwell , John Milton , John Locke , the Glorious Revolution , the English Bill of Rights , and the Act of Settlement . Later , the British took their democratic ideals to their colonies , e.g . Australia , New Zealand , and India . In North America , Plymouth Colony ( Pilgrim Fathers ; 1620 ) and Massachusetts Bay Colony ( 1628 ) practised democratic self-rule and separation of powers . These Congregationalists were convinced that the democratic form of government was the will of God . The Mayflower Compact was a social contract .
With the building of Christian basilicas in the late 4th century , wall and ceiling mosaics were adopted for Christian uses . The earliest examples of Christian basilicas have not survived , but the mosaics of Santa Constanza and Santa Pudenziana , both from the 4th century , still exist . The winemaking putti in the ambulatory of Santa Constanza still follow the classical tradition in that they represent the feast of Bacchus , which symbolizes transformation or change , and are thus appropriate for a mausoleum , the original function of this building . In another great Constantinian basilica , the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem the original mosaic floor with typical Roman geometric motifs is partially preserved . The so-called Tomb of the Julii , near the crypt beneath St Peter 's Basilica , is a 4th-century vaulted tomb with wall and ceiling mosaics that are given Christian interpretations . The Rotunda of Galerius in Thessaloniki , converted into a Christian church during the course of the 4th century , was embellished with very high artistic quality mosaics . Only fragments survive of the original decoration , especially a band depicting saints with hands raised in prayer , in front of complex architectural fantasies .
The Palácio do Planalto is the official workplace of the President of Brazil . It is located at the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília . As the seat of government , the term " Planalto " is often used as a metonym for the executive branch of government . The main working office of the President of the Republic is in the Palácio do Planalto . The President and his or her family do not live in it , rather in the official residence , the Palácio da Alvorada . Besides the President , senior advisors also have offices in the " Planalto , " including the Vice-President of Brazil and the Chief of Staff . The other Ministries are along the Esplanada dos Ministérios . The architect of the Palácio do Planalto was Oscar Niemeyer , creator of most of the important buildings in Brasília . The idea was to project an image of simplicity and modernity using fine lines and waves to compose the columns and exterior structures . The Palace is four stories high , and has an area of 36,000 m2 . Four other adjacent buildings are also part of the complex .
Greece is classified as an advanced , high-income economy , and was a founding member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) and of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation ( BSEC ) . The country joined what is now the European Union in 1981 . In 2001 Greece adopted the euro as its currency , replacing the Greek drachma at an exchange rate of 340.75 drachmae per euro . Greece is a member of the International Monetary Fund and of the World Trade Organization , and ranked 34th on Ernst & Young 's Globalization Index 2011 .
When the U.S. entered World War I he immediately requested an overseas assignment but was again denied and then assigned to Ft. Leavenworth , Kansas . In February 1918 he was transferred to Camp Meade in Maryland with the 65th Engineers . His unit was later ordered to France but to his chagrin he received orders for the new tank corps , where he was promoted to brevet Lieutenant Colonel in the National Army . He commanded a unit that trained tank crews at Camp Colt – his first command – at the site of " Pickett 's Charge " on the Gettysburg , Pennsylvania Civil War battleground . Though Eisenhower and his tank crews never saw combat , he displayed excellent organizational skills , as well as an ability to accurately assess junior officers ' strengths and make optimal placements of personnel .
Between 1949 and the 1980s , telephone communications in Greece were a state monopoly by the Hellenic Telecommunications Organization , better known by its acronym , OTE . Despite the liberalization of telephone communications in the country in the 1980s , OTE still dominates the Greek market in its field and has emerged as one of the largest telecommunications companies in Southeast Europe . Since 2011 , the company 's major shareholder is Deutsche Telekom with a 40 % stake , while the Greek state continues to own 10 % of the company 's shares . OTE owns several subsidiaries across the Balkans , including Cosmote , Greece 's top mobile telecommunications provider , Cosmote Romania and Albanian Mobile Communications .
The Gorkha Kingdom ended the Malla confederation after the Battle of Kathmandu in 1768 . This marked the beginning of the modern era in Kathmandu . The Battle of Kirtipur was the start of the Gorkha conquest of the Kathmandu Valley . Kathmandu was adopted as the capital of the Gorkha empire , and the empire itself was dubbed Nepal . During the early part of this era , Kathmandu maintained its distinctive culture . Buildings with characteristic Nepali architecture , such as the nine-story tower of Basantapur , were built during this era . However , trade declined because of continual war with neighboring nations . Bhimsen Thapa supported France against Great Britain ; this led to the development of modern military structures , such as modern barracks in Kathmandu . The nine-storey tower Dharahara was originally built during this era .
The word " police " was borrowed from French into the English language in the 18th century , but for a long time it applied only to French and continental European police forces . The word , and the concept of police itself , were " disliked as a symbol of foreign oppression " ( according to Britannica 1911 ) . Before the 19th century , the first use of the word " police " recorded in government documents in the United Kingdom was the appointment of Commissioners of Police for Scotland in 1714 and the creation of the Marine Police in 1798 .
The name Anabaptist , meaning " one who baptizes again " , was given them by their persecutors in reference to the practice of re-baptizing converts who already had been baptized as infants . Anabaptists required that baptismal candidates be able to make their own confessions of faith and so rejected baptism of infants . The early members of this movement did not accept the name Anabaptist , claiming that since infant baptism was unscriptural and null and void , the baptizing of believers was not a re-baptism but in fact their first real baptism . As a result of their views on the nature of baptism and other issues , Anabaptists were heavily persecuted during the 16th century and into the 17th by both Magisterial Protestants and Roman Catholics . [ aa ] While most Anabaptists adhered to a literal interpretation of the Sermon on the Mount , which precluded taking oaths , participating in military actions , and participating in civil government , some who practiced re-baptism felt otherwise . [ ab ] They were thus technically Anabaptists , even though conservative Amish , Mennonites , and Hutterites and some historians tend to consider them as outside of true Anabaptism . Anabaptist reformers of the Radical Reformation are diveded into Radical and the so-called Second Front . Some important Radical Reformation theologians were John of Leiden , Thomas Müntzer , Kaspar Schwenkfeld , Sebastian Franck , Menno Simons . Second Front Reformers included Hans Denck , Conrad Grebel , Balthasar Hubmaier and Felix Manz .
Roman religion was thus practical and contractual , based on the principle of do ut des , " I give that you might give . " Religion depended on knowledge and the correct practice of prayer , ritual , and sacrifice , not on faith or dogma , although Latin literature preserves learned speculation on the nature of the divine and its relation to human affairs . Even the most skeptical among Rome 's intellectual elite such as Cicero , who was an augur , saw religion as a source of social order . For ordinary Romans , religion was a part of daily life . Each home had a household shrine at which prayers and libations to the family 's domestic deities were offered . Neighborhood shrines and sacred places such as springs and groves dotted the city . The Roman calendar was structured around religious observances . Women , slaves , and children all participated in a range of religious activities . Some public rituals could be conducted only by women , and women formed what is perhaps Rome 's most famous priesthood , the state-supported Vestals , who tended Rome 's sacred hearth for centuries , until disbanded under Christian domination .
There are very few existing mosaics from the Komnenian period but this paucity must be due to accidents of survival and gives a misleading impression . The only surviving 12th-century mosaic work in Constantinople is a panel in Hagia Sophia depicting Emperor John II and Empress Eirene with the Theotokos ( 1122–34 ) . The empress with her long braided hair and rosy cheeks is especially capturing . It must be a lifelike portrayal because Eirene was really a redhead as her original Hungarian name , Piroska shows . The adjacent portrait of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos on a pier ( from 1122 ) is similarly personal . The imperial mausoleum of the Komnenos dynasty , the Pantokrator Monastery was certainly decorated with great mosaics but these were later destroyed . The lack of Komnenian mosaics outside the capital is even more apparent . There is only a " Communion of the Apostles " in the apse of the cathedral of Serres .
Law enforcement in Ancient China was carried out by " prefects " for thousands of years since it developed in both the Chu and Jin kingdoms of the Spring and Autumn period . In Jin , dozens of prefects were spread across the state , each having limited authority and employment period . They were appointed by local magistrates , who reported to higher authorities such as governors , who in turn were appointed by the emperor , and they oversaw the civil administration of their " prefecture " , or jurisdiction . Under each prefect were " subprefects " who helped collectively with law enforcement in the area . Some prefects were responsible for handling investigations , much like modern police detectives . Prefects could also be women . The concept of the " prefecture system " spread to other cultures such as Korea and Japan .
The Duke of York had required that every community in his new lands of New York and New Jersey support some church , but this was more often Dutch Reformed , Quaker or Presbyterian , than Anglican . Some chose to support more than one church . He also ordained that the tax-payers were free , having paid his local tax , to choose their own church . The terms for the surrender of New Amsterdam had provided that the Dutch would have liberty of conscience , and the Duke , as an openly divine-right Catholic , was no friend of Anglicanism . The first Anglican minister in New Jersey arrived in 1698 , though Anglicanism was more popular in New York .
The first and last Roman known as a living divus was Julius Caesar , who seems to have aspired to divine monarchy ; he was murdered soon after . Greek allies had their own traditional cults to rulers as divine benefactors , and offered similar cult to Caesar 's successor , Augustus , who accepted with the cautious proviso that expatriate Roman citizens refrain from such worship ; it might prove fatal . By the end of his reign , Augustus had appropriated Rome 's political apparatus – and most of its religious cults – within his " reformed " and thoroughly integrated system of government . Towards the end of his life , he cautiously allowed cult to his numen . By then the Imperial cult apparatus was fully developed , first in the Eastern Provinces , then in the West . Provincial Cult centres offered the amenities and opportunities of a major Roman town within a local context ; bathhouses , shrines and temples to Roman and local deities , amphitheatres and festivals . In the early Imperial period , the promotion of local elites to Imperial priesthood gave them Roman citizenship .
Today , Lutheranism is one of the largest branches of Protestantism . With approximately 80 million adherents , it constitutes the third most common Protestant confession after historically Pentecostal denominations and Anglicanism . The Lutheran World Federation , the largest global communion of Lutheran churches represents over 72 million people . Additionally , there are also many smaller bodies such as the International Lutheran Council and the Confessional Evangelical Lutheran Conference , as well as independent churches .
The Twelve Tables forbade any harmful incantation ( malum carmen , or 'noisome metrical charm ' ) ; this included the " charming of crops from one field to another " ( excantatio frugum ) and any rite that sought harm or death to others . Chthonic deities functioned at the margins of Rome 's divine and human communities ; although sometimes the recipients of public rites , these were conducted outside the sacred boundary of the pomerium . Individuals seeking their aid did so away from the public gaze , during the hours of darkness . Burial grounds and isolated crossroads were among the likely portals . The barrier between private religious practices and " magic " is permeable , and Ovid gives a vivid account of rites at the fringes of the public Feralia festival that are indistinguishable from magic : an old woman squats among a circle of younger women , sews up a fish-head , smears it with pitch , then pierces and roasts it to " bind hostile tongues to silence " . By this she invokes Tacita , the " Silent One " of the underworld .
The offices of elder and ministerial servant were restored to Witness congregations in 1972 , with appointments made from headquarters ( and later , also by branch committees ) . It was announced that , starting in September 2014 , appointments would be made by traveling overseers . In a major organizational overhaul in 1976 , the power of the Watch Tower Society president was diminished , with authority for doctrinal and organizational decisions passed to the Governing Body . Since Knorr 's death in 1977 , the position of president has been occupied by Frederick Franz ( 1977–1992 ) and Milton Henschel ( 1992–2000 ) , both members of the Governing Body , and since 2000 by Don A. Adams , not a member of the Governing Body . In 1995 , Jehovah 's Witnesses abandoned the idea that Armageddon must occur during the lives of the generation that was alive in 1914 and in 2013 changed their teaching on the " generation " .
Steven Waldman notes that ; " The evangelicals provided the political muscle for the efforts of Madison and Jefferson , not merely because they wanted to block official churches but because they wanted to keep the spiritual and secular worlds apart . " " Religious freedom resulted from an alliance of unlikely partners , " writes the historian Frank Lambert in his book The Founding Fathers and the Place of Religion in America . " New Light evangelicals such as Isaac Bachus and John Leland joined forces with Deists and skeptics such as James Madison and Thomas Jefferson to fight for a complete separation of church and state . "
Russell moved the Watch Tower Society 's headquarters to Brooklyn , New York , in 1909 , combining printing and corporate offices with a house of worship ; volunteers were housed in a nearby residence he named Bethel . He identified the religious movement as " Bible Students , " and more formally as the International Bible Students Association . By 1910 , about 50,000 people worldwide were associated with the movement and congregations re-elected him annually as their " pastor . " Russell died October 31 , 1916 , at the age of 64 while returning from a ministerial speaking tour .
The ban on figurative depiction was not taken so seriously by the Jews living in Byzantine Gaza . In 1966 remains of a synagogue were found in the ancient harbour area . Its mosaic floor depicts King David as Orpheus , identified by his name in Hebrew letters . Near him were lion cubs , a giraffe and a snake listening to him playing a lyre . A further portion of the floor was divided by medallions formed by vine leaves , each of which contains an animal : a lioness suckling her cub , a giraffe , peacocks , panthers , bears , a zebra and so on . The floor was paved in 508/509 . It is very similar to that of the synagogue at Maon ( Menois ) and the Christian church at Shellal , suggesting that the same artist most probably worked at all three places .
There are three primary shopping centers in the Bronx : The Hub , Gateway Center and Southern Boulevard . The Hub–Third Avenue Business Improvement District ( B.I.D . ) , in The Hub , is the retail heart of the South Bronx , located where four roads converge : East 149th Street , Willis , Melrose and Third Avenues . It is primarily located inside the neighborhood of Melrose but also lines the northern border of Mott Haven . The Hub has been called " the Broadway of the Bronx " , being likened to the real Broadway in Manhattan and the northwestern Bronx . It is the site of both maximum traffic and architectural density . In configuration , it resembles a miniature Times Square , a spatial " bow-tie " created by the geometry of the street . The Hub is part of Bronx Community Board 1 .
Better acquaintance with Greek and Roman technical writings also influenced the development of European science ( see the history of science in the Renaissance ) . This was despite what A. C. Crombie ( viewing the Renaissance in the 19th-century manner as a chapter in the heroic March of Progress ) calls " a backwards-looking admiration for antiquity " , in which Platonism stood in opposition to the Aristotelian concentration on the observable properties of the physical world . But Renaissance humanists , who considered themselves as restoring the glory and nobility of antiquity , had no interest in scientific innovation . However , by the mid-to-late 16th century , even the universities , though still dominated by Scholasticism , began to demand that Aristotle be read in accurate texts edited according to the principles of Renaissance philology , thus setting the stage for Galileo 's quarrels with the outmoded habits of Scholasticism .
While the new plebeian nobility made social , political and religious inroads on traditionally patrician preserves , their electorate maintained their distinctive political traditions and religious cults . During the Punic crisis , popular cult to Dionysus emerged from southern Italy ; Dionysus was equated with Father Liber , the inventor of plebeian augury and personification of plebeian freedoms , and with Roman Bacchus . Official consternation at these enthusiastic , unofficial Bacchanalia cults was expressed as moral outrage at their supposed subversion , and was followed by ferocious suppression . Much later , a statue of Marsyas , the silen of Dionysus flayed by Apollo , became a focus of brief symbolic resistance to Augustus ' censorship . Augustus himself claimed the patronage of Venus and Apollo ; but his settlement appealed to all classes . Where loyalty was implicit , no divine hierarchy need be politically enforced ; Liber 's festival continued .
Some legal scholars , such as John Baker of LSU , theorize that Madison 's initial proposed language—that Congress should make no law regarding the establishment of a " national religion " —was rejected by the House , in favor of the more general " religion " in an effort to appease the Anti-Federalists . To both the Anti-Federalists and the Federalists , the very word " national " was a cause for alarm because of the experience under the British crown . During the debate over the establishment clause , Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts took issue with Madison 's language regarding whether the government was a national or federal government ( in which the states retained their individual sovereignty ) , which Baker suggests compelled Madison to withdraw his language from the debate .
On November 6 , 2013 , Google implemented a new comment system that requires all YouTube users to use a Google+ account in order to comment on videos and making the comment system Google+ oriented . The changes are in large part an attempt to address the frequent criticisms of the quality and tone of YouTube comments . They give creators more power to moderate and block comments , and add new sorting mechanisms to ensure that better , more relevant discussions appear at the top . The new system restored the ability to include URLs in comments , which had previously been removed due to problems with abuse . In response , YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim posted the question " why the fuck do I need a google+ account to comment on a video ? " on his YouTube channel to express his negative opinion of the change . The official YouTube announcement received 20,097 " thumbs down " votes and generated more than 32,000 comments in two days . Writing in the Newsday blog Silicon Island , Chase Melvin noted that " Google+ is nowhere near as popular a social media network as Facebook , but it 's essentially being forced upon millions of YouTube users who do n't want to lose their ability to comment on videos " and " Discussion forums across the Internet are already bursting with outcry against the new comment system " . In the same article Melvin goes on to say :
The minority leader has a number of formal and informal party responsibilities . Formally , the rules of each party specify certain roles and responsibilities for their leader . For example , under Democratic rules for the 106th Congress , the minority leader may call meetings of the Democratic Caucus . He or she is a member of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ; names the members of the Democratic Leadership Council ; chairs the Policy Committee ; and heads the Steering Committee . Examples of other assignments are making " recommendations to the Speaker on all Democratic Members who shall serve as conferees " and nominating party members to the Committees on Rules and House Administration . Republican rules identify generally comparable functions for their top party leader .
A 5th-century building in Huldah may be a Samaritan synagogue . Its mosaic floor contains typical Jewish symbols ( menorah , lulav , etrog ) but the inscriptions are Greek . Another Samaritan synagogue with a mosaic floor was located in Bet She'an ( excavated in 1960 ) . The floor had only decorative motifs and an aedicule ( shrine ) with cultic symbols . The ban on human or animal images was more strictly observed by the Samaritans than their Jewish neighbours in the same town ( see above ) . The mosaic was laid by the same masters who made the floor of the Beit Alfa synagogue . One of the inscriptions was written in Samaritan script .
The humanists ' close study of Latin literary texts soon enabled them to discern historical differences in the writing styles of different periods . By analogy with what they saw as decline of Latin , they applied the principle of ad fontes , or back to the sources , across broad areas of learning , seeking out manuscripts of Patristic literature as well as pagan authors . In 1439 , while employed in Naples at the court of Alfonso V of Aragon ( at the time engaged in a dispute with the Papal States ) the humanist Lorenzo Valla used stylistic textual analysis , now called philology , to prove that the Donation of Constantine , which purported to confer temporal powers on the Pope of Rome , was an 8th-century forgery . For the next 70 years , however , neither Valla nor any of his contemporaries thought to apply the techniques of philology to other controversial manuscripts in this way . Instead , after the fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Turks in 1453 , which brought a flood of Greek Orthodox refugees to Italy , humanist scholars increasingly turned to the study of Neoplatonism and Hermeticism , hoping to bridge the differences between the Greek and Roman Churches , and even between Christianity itself and the non-Christian world . The refugees brought with them Greek manuscripts , not only of Plato and Aristotle , but also of the Christian Gospels , previously unavailable in the Latin West .
The great Navicella mosaic ( 1305–1313 ) in the atrium of the Old St. Peter 's is attributed to Giotto di Bondone . The giant mosaic , commissioned by Cardinal Jacopo Stefaneschi , was originally situated on the eastern porch of the old basilica and occupied the whole wall above the entrance arcade facing the courtyard . It depicted St. Peter walking on the waters . This extraordinary work was mainly destroyed during the construction of the new St. Peter 's in the 17th century . Navicella means " little ship " referring to the large boat which dominated the scene , and whose sail , filled by the storm , loomed over the horizon . Such a natural representation of a seascape was known only from ancient works of art .
Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that Jesus Christ began to rule in heaven as king of God 's kingdom in October 1914 , and that Satan was subsequently ousted from heaven to the earth , resulting in " woe " to humanity . They believe that Jesus rules invisibly , from heaven , perceived only as a series of " signs " . They base this belief on a rendering of the Greek word parousia—usually translated as " coming " when referring to Christ—as " presence " . They believe Jesus ' presence includes an unknown period beginning with his inauguration as king in heaven in 1914 , and ending when he comes to bring a final judgment against humans on earth . They thus depart from the mainstream Christian belief that the " second coming " of Matthew 24 refers to a single moment of arrival on earth to judge humans .
In Miranda the court created safeguards against self-incriminating statements made after an arrest . The court held that " The prosecution may not use statements , whether exculpatory or inculpatory , stemming from questioning initiated by law enforcement officers after a person has been taken into custody or otherwise deprived of his freedom of action in any significant way , unless it demonstrates the use of procedural safeguards effective to secure the Fifth Amendment 's privilege against self-incrimination "
As the 1954 congressional elections approached , and it became evident that the Republicans were in danger of losing their thin majority in both houses , Eisenhower was among those blaming the Old Guard for the losses , and took up the charge to stop suspected efforts by the right wing to take control of the GOP . Eisenhower then articulated his position as a moderate , progressive Republican : " I have just one purpose ... and that is to build up a strong progressive Republican Party in this country . If the right wing wants a fight , they are going to get it ... before I end up , either this Republican Party will reflect progressivism or I wo n't be with them anymore . "
Eisenhower retired to the place where he and Mamie had spent much of their post-war time , a working farm adjacent to the battlefield at Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , only 70 miles from his ancestral home in Elizabethville , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania . In 1967 the Eisenhowers donated the farm to the National Park Service . In retirement , the former president did not completely retreat from political life ; he spoke at the 1964 Republican National Convention and appeared with Barry Goldwater in a Republican campaign commercial from Gettysburg . However , his endorsement came somewhat reluctantly because Goldwater had attacked the former president as " a dime-store New Dealer " .
Some scholars and organizations disagree with the notion of " separation of church and state " , or the way the Supreme Court has interpreted the constitutional limitation on religious establishment . Such critics generally argue that the phrase misrepresents the textual requirements of the Constitution , while noting that many aspects of church and state were intermingled at the time the Constitution was ratified . These critics argue that the prevalent degree of separation of church and state could not have been intended by the constitutional framers . Some of the intermingling between church and state include religious references in official contexts , and such other founding documents as the United States Declaration of Independence , which references the idea of a " Creator " and " Nature 's God " , though these references did not ultimately appear in the Constitution nor do they mention any particular religious view of a " Creator " or " Nature 's God . "
A noteworthy development in 20th-century Protestant Christianity was the rise of the modern Pentecostal movement . Sprung from Methodist and Wesleyan roots , it arose out of meetings at an urban mission on Azusa Street in Los Angeles . From there it spread around the world , carried by those who experienced what they believed to be miraculous moves of God there . These Pentecost-like manifestations have steadily been in evidence throughout the history , such as seen in the two Great Awakenings . Pentecostalism , which in turn birthed the Charismatic movement within already established denominations , continues to be an important force in Western Christianity .
In Canada , the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary was founded in 1729 , making it the first police force in present-day Canada . It was followed in 1834 by the Toronto Police , and in 1838 by police forces in Montreal and Quebec City . A national force , the Dominion Police , was founded in 1868 . Initially the Dominion Police provided security for parliament , but its responsibilities quickly grew . The famous Royal Northwest Mounted Police was founded in 1873 . The merger of these two police forces in 1920 formed the world-famous Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
New Zealand has a strong hunting culture . The islands making up New Zealand originally had no land mammals apart from bats . However , once Europeans arrived , game animals were introduced by acclimatisation societies to provide New Zealanders with sport and a hunting resource . Deer , pigs , goats , rabbits , hare , tahr and chamois all adapted well to the New Zealand terrain , and with no natural predators , their population exploded . Government agencies view the animals as pests due to their effects on the natural environment and on agricultural production , but hunters view them as a resource .
Eventually , the Licchavi ruler Gunakamadeva merged Koligram and Dakshin Koligram , founding the city of Kathmandu . The city was designed in the shape of Chandrahrasa , the sword of Manjushri . The city was surrounded by eight barracks guarded by Ajimas . One of these barracks is still in use at Bhadrakali ( in front of Singha Durbar ) . The city served as an important transit point in the trade between India and Tibet , leading to tremendous growth in architecture . Descriptions of buildings such as Managriha , Kailaskut Bhawan , and Bhadradiwas Bhawan have been found in the surviving journals of travelers and monks who lived during this era . For example , the famous 7th-century Chinese traveller Xuanzang described Kailaskut Bhawan , the palace of the Licchavi king Amshuverma . The trade route also led to cultural exchange as well . The artistry of the Newar people—the indigenous inhabitants of the Kathmandu Valley—became highly sought after during this era , both within the Valley and throughout the greater Himalayas . Newar artists travelled extensively throughout Asia , creating religious art for their neighbors . For example , Araniko led a group of his compatriot artists through Tibet and China . Bhrikuti , the princess of Nepal who married Tibetan monarch Songtsän Gampo , was instrumental in introducing Buddhism to Tibet .
Quakers , or Friends , are members of a family of religious movements collectively known as the Religious Society of Friends . The central unifying doctrine of these movements is the priesthood of all believers . Many Friends view themselves as members of a Christian denomination . They include those with evangelical , holiness , liberal , and traditional conservative Quaker understandings of Christianity . Unlike many other groups that emerged within Christianity , the Religious Society of Friends has actively tried to avoid creeds and hierarchical structures .
In the United States , August Vollmer introduced other reforms , including education requirements for police officers . O.W . Wilson , a student of Vollmer , helped reduce corruption and introduce professionalism in Wichita , Kansas , and later in the Chicago Police Department . Strategies employed by O.W . Wilson included rotating officers from community to community to reduce their vulnerability to corruption , establishing of a non-partisan police board to help govern the police force , a strict merit system for promotions within the department , and an aggressive recruiting drive with higher police salaries to attract professionally qualified officers . During the professionalism era of policing , law enforcement agencies concentrated on dealing with felonies and other serious crime , rather than broader focus on crime prevention .
^Note 2 : in 1789 the Georgia Constitution was amended as follows : " Article IV . Section 10 . No person within this state shall , upon any pretense , be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any manner agreeable to his own conscience , nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment ; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes , taxes , or any other rate , for the building or repairing any place of worship , or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry , contrary to what he believes to be right , or hath voluntarily engaged to do . No one religious society shall ever be established in this state , in preference to another ; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles . "
In European countries which were most profoundly influenced by the Reformation , Protestantism still remains the most practiced religion . These include the Nordic countries and the United Kingdom . In other historical Protestant strongholds such as Germany , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Latvia , Estonia and Hungary , it remains one of the most popular religions . Although Czech Republic was the site of one of the most significant pre-reformation movements , there are only few Protestant adherents ; mainly due to historical reasons like persecution of Protestants by the Catholic Habsburgs , restrictions during the Communist rule , and also the ongoing secularization . Over the last several decades , religious practice has been declining as secularization has increased . According to a 2012 study about Religiosity in the European Union in 2012 by Eurobarometer , Protestants made up 12 % of the EU population . According to Pew Research Center , Protestants constituted nearly one fifth ( or 17.8 % ) of the continent 's Christian population in 2010 . Clarke and Beyer estimate that Protestants constituted 15 % of all Europeans in 2009 , while Noll claims that less than 12 % of them lived in Europe in 2010 .
Towards the end of the Republic , religious and political offices became more closely intertwined ; the office of pontifex maximus became a de facto consular prerogative . Augustus was personally vested with an extraordinary breadth of political , military and priestly powers ; at first temporarily , then for his lifetime . He acquired or was granted an unprecedented number of Rome 's major priesthoods , including that of pontifex maximus ; as he invented none , he could claim them as traditional honours . His reforms were represented as adaptive , restorative and regulatory , rather than innovative ; most notably his elevation ( and membership ) of the ancient Arvales , his timely promotion of the plebeian Compitalia shortly before his election and his patronage of the Vestals as a visible restoration of Roman morality . Augustus obtained the pax deorum , maintained it for the rest of his reign and adopted a successor to ensure its continuation . This remained a primary religious and social duty of emperors .
The anti-bullying It Gets Better Project expanded from a single YouTube video directed to discouraged or suicidal LGBT teens , that within two months drew video responses from hundreds including U.S. President Barack Obama , Vice President Biden , White House staff , and several cabinet secretaries . Similarly , in response to fifteen-year-old Amanda Todd 's video " My story : Struggling , bullying , suicide , self-harm " , legislative action was undertaken almost immediately after her suicide to study the prevalence of bullying and form a national anti-bullying strategy .
The National Library of Nepal is located in Patan . It is the largest library in the country with more than 70,000 books . English , Nepali , Sanskrit , Hindi , and Nepal Bhasa books are found here . The library is in possession of rare scholarly books in Sanskrit and English dating from the 17th century AD . Kathmandu also contains the Kaiser Library , located in the Kaiser Mahal on the ground floor of the Ministry of Education building . This collection of around 45,000 books is derived from a personal collection of Kaiser Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana . It covers a wide range of subjects including history , law , art , religion , and philosophy , as well as a Sanskrit manual of Tantra , which is believed to be over 1,000 years old . The 2015 earthquake caused severe damage to the Ministry of Education building , and the contents of the Kaiser Library have been temporarily relocated .
Valerian 's first religious edict singled out Christianity as a particularly self-interested and subversive foreign cult , outlawed its assemblies and urged Christians to sacrifice to Rome 's traditional gods . His second edict acknowledged a Christian threat to the Imperial system – not yet at its heart but close to it , among Rome ’ s equites and Senators . Christian apologists interpreted his disgraceful capture and death as divine judgement . The next forty years were peaceful ; the Christian church grew stronger and its literature and theology gained a higher social and intellectual profile , due in part to its own search for political toleration and theological coherence . Origen discussed theological issues with traditionalist elites in a common Neoplatonist frame of reference – he had written to Decius ' predecessor Philip the Arab in similar vein – and Hippolytus recognised a “ pagan ” basis in Christian heresies . The Christian churches were disunited ; Paul of Samosata , Bishop of Antioch was deposed by a synod of 268 for " dogmatic reasons – his doctrine on the human nature of Christ was rejected – and for his lifestyle , which reminded his brethren of the habits of the administrative elite " . The reasons for his deposition were widely circulated among the churches . Meanwhile , Aurelian ( 270-75 ) appealed for harmony among his soldiers ( concordia militum ) , stabilised the Empire and its borders and successfully established an official , Hellenic form of unitary cult to the Palmyrene Sol Invictus in Rome 's Campus Martius .
On ancient reliefs , especially from Mesopotamia , kings are often depicted as hunters of big game such as lions and are often portrayed hunting from a war chariot . The cultural and psychological importance of hunting in ancient societies is represented by deities such as the horned god Cernunnos and lunar goddesses of classical antiquity , the Greek Artemis or Roman Diana . Taboos are often related to hunting , and mythological association of prey species with a divinity could be reflected in hunting restrictions such as a reserve surrounding a temple . Euripides ' tale of Artemis and Actaeon , for example , may be seen as a caution against disrespect of prey or impudent boasting .
The introduction of new or equivalent deities coincided with Rome 's most significant aggressive and defensive military forays . In 206 BC the Sibylline books commended the introduction of cult to the aniconic Magna Mater ( Great Mother ) from Pessinus , installed on the Palatine in 191 BC . The mystery cult to Bacchus followed ; it was suppressed as subversive and unruly by decree of the Senate in 186 BC . Greek deities were brought within the sacred pomerium : temples were dedicated to Juventas ( Hebe ) in 191 BC , Diana ( Artemis ) in 179 BC , Mars ( Ares ) in 138 BC ) , and to Bona Dea , equivalent to Fauna , the female counterpart of the rural Faunus , supplemented by the Greek goddess Damia . Further Greek influences on cult images and types represented the Roman Penates as forms of the Greek Dioscuri . The military-political adventurers of the Later Republic introduced the Phrygian goddess Ma ( identified with Roman Bellona , the Egyptian mystery-goddess Isis and Persian Mithras . )
Disease can arise if the host 's protective immune mechanisms are compromised and the organism inflicts damage on the host . Microorganisms can cause tissue damage by releasing a variety of toxins or destructive enzymes . For example , Clostridium tetani releases a toxin that paralyzes muscles , and staphylococcus releases toxins that produce shock and sepsis . Not all infectious agents cause disease in all hosts . For example , less than 5 % of individuals infected with polio develop disease . On the other hand , some infectious agents are highly virulent . The prion causing mad cow disease and Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease invariably kills all animals and people that are infected .
The mosaics of the Villa Romana del Casale near Piazza Armerina in Sicily are the largest collection of late Roman mosaics in situ in the world , and are protected as a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The large villa rustica , which was probably owned by Emperor Maximian , was built largely in the early 4th century . The mosaics were covered and protected for 700 years by a landslide that occurred in the 12th Century . The most important pieces are the Circus Scene , the 64m long Great Hunting Scene , the Little Hunt , the Labours of Hercules and the famous Bikini Girls , showing women undertaking a range of sporting activities in garments that resemble 20th Century bikinis . The peristyle , the imperial apartments and the thermae were also decorated with ornamental and mythological mosaics . Other important examples of Roman mosaic art in Sicily were unearthed on the Piazza Vittoria in Palermo where two houses were discovered . The most important scenes there depicted Orpheus , Alexander the Great 's Hunt and the Four Seasons .
Armenians have had a presence in the Armenian Highland for over four thousand years , since the time when Hayk , the legendary patriarch and founder of the first Armenian nation , led them to victory over Bel of Babylon . Today , with a population of 3.5 million , they not only constitute an overwhelming majority in Armenia , but also in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh . Armenians in the diaspora informally refer to them as Hayastantsis ( Հայաստանցի ) , meaning those that are from Armenia ( that is , those born and raised in Armenia ) . They , as well as the Armenians of Iran and Russia speak the Eastern dialect of the Armenian language . The country itself is secular as a result of Soviet domination , but most of its citizens identify themselves as Apostolic Armenian Christian .
The Armenians collective has , at times , constituted a Christian " island " in a mostly Muslim region . There is , however , a minority of ethnic Armenian Muslims , known as Hamshenis but many Armenians view them as a separate race , while the history of the Jews in Armenia dates back 2,000 years . The Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia had close ties to European Crusader States . Later on , the deteriorating situation in the region led the bishops of Armenia to elect a Catholicos in Etchmiadzin , the original seat of the Catholicosate . In 1441 , a new Catholicos was elected in Etchmiadzin in the person of Kirakos Virapetsi , while Krikor Moussapegiants preserved his title as Catholicos of Cilicia . Therefore , since 1441 , there have been two Catholicosates in the Armenian Church with equal rights and privileges , and with their respective jurisdictions . The primacy of honor of the Catholicosate of Etchmiadzin has always been recognized by the Catholicosate of Cilicia .
By the end of the early modern period , the structure and orientation of higher education had changed in ways that are eminently recognizable for the modern context . Aristotle was no longer a force providing the epistemological and methodological focus for universities and a more mechanistic orientation was emerging . The hierarchical place of theological knowledge had for the most part been displaced and the humanities had become a fixture , and a new openness was beginning to take hold in the construction and dissemination of knowledge that were to become imperative for the formation of the modern state .
In July 1953 , an armistice took effect with Korea divided along approximately the same boundary as in 1950 . The armistice and boundary remain in effect today , with American soldiers stationed there to guarantee it . The armistice , concluded despite opposition from Secretary Dulles , South Korean President Syngman Rhee , and also within Eisenhower 's party , has been described by biographer Ambrose as the greatest achievement of the administration . Eisenhower had the insight to realize that unlimited war in the nuclear age was unthinkable , and limited war unwinnable .
Furthermore , evidence exists that hunting may have been one of the multiple environmental factors leading to extinctions of the holocene megafauna and their replacement by smaller herbivores . North American megafauna extinction was coincidental with the Younger Dryas impact event , possibly making hunting a less critical factor in prehistoric species loss than had been previously thought . However , in other locations such as Australia , humans are thought to have played a very significant role in the extinction of the Australian megafauna that was widespread prior to human occupation .
The phrase " [ A ] hedge or wall of separation between the garden of the church and the wilderness of the world " was first used by Baptist theologian Roger Williams , the founder of the colony of Rhode Island , in his 1644 book The Bloody Tenent of Persecution . The phrase was later used by Thomas Jefferson as a description of the First Amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch of the federal government , in an 1802 letter to the Danbury Baptists ( a religious minority concerned about the dominant position of the Congregationalist church in Connecticut ) :
The contacts gained through university and American Assembly fund-raising activities would later become important supporters in Eisenhower 's bid for the Republican party nomination and the presidency . Meanwhile , Columbia University 's liberal faculty members became disenchanted with the university president 's ties to oilmen and businessmen , including Leonard McCollum , the president of Continental Oil ; Frank Abrams , the chairman of Standard Oil of New Jersey ; Bob Kleberg , the president of the King Ranch ; H. J. Porter , a Texas oil executive ; Bob Woodruff , the president of the Coca-Cola Corporation ; and Clarence Francis , the chairman of General Foods .
Other important Venetian mosaics can be found in the Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta in Torcello from the 12th century , and in the Basilical of Santi Maria e Donato in Murano with a restored apse mosaic from the 12th century and a beautiful mosaic pavement ( 1140 ) . The apse of the San Cipriano Church in Murano was decorated with an impressive golden mosaic from the early 13th century showing Christ enthroned with Mary , St John and the two patron saints , Cipriano and Cipriana . When the church was demolished in the 19th century , the mosaic was bought by Frederick William IV of Prussia . It was reassembled in the Friedenskirche of Potsdam in the 1840s .
The structure of a mosque is simple and it expresses openness . Calligraphic inscriptions from the Quran decorate mosques and mausoleums in Punjab . The inscriptions on bricks and tiles of the mausoleum of Shah Rukn-e-Alam ( 1320 AD ) at Multan are outstanding specimens of architectural calligraphy . The earliest existing building in South Asia with enamelled tile-work is the tomb of Shah Yusuf Gardezi ( 1150 AD ) at Multan . A specimen of the sixteenth century tile-work at Lahore is the tomb of Sheikh Musa Ahangar , with its brilliant blue dome . The tile-work of Emperor Shah Jahan is of a richer and more elaborate nature . The pictured wall of Lahore Fort is the last line in the tile-work in the entire world .
The second main principle , sola fide ( by faith alone ) , states that faith in Christ is sufficient alone for eternal salvation . Though argued from scripture , and hence logically consequent to sola scriptura , this is the guiding principle of the work of Luther and the later reformers . Because sola scriptura placed the Bible as the only source of teaching , sola fide epitomises the main thrust of the teaching the reformers wanted to get back to , namely the direct , close , personal connection between Christ and the believer , hence the reformers ' contention that their work was Christocentric .
The Bronx /ˈbrɒŋks/ is the northernmost of the five boroughs ( counties ) of New York City in the state of New York , located south of Westchester County . Many bridges and tunnels link the Bronx to the island and borough of Manhattan to the west over and under the narrow Harlem River , as well as three longer bridges south over the East River to the borough of Queens . Of the five boroughs , the Bronx is the only one on the U.S. mainland and , with a land area of 42 square miles ( 109 km2 ) and a population of 1,438,159 in 2014 , has the fourth largest land area , the fourth highest population , and the third-highest population density .
Not a lot of empirical work on the practices of inter/transnational information and intelligence sharing has been undertaken . A notable exception is James Sheptycki 's study of police cooperation in the English Channel region ( 2002 ) , which provides a systematic content analysis of information exchange files and a description of how these transnational information and intelligence exchanges are transformed into police case-work . The study showed that transnational police information sharing was routinized in the cross-Channel region from 1968 on the basis of agreements directly between the police agencies and without any formal agreement between the countries concerned . By 1992 , with the signing of the Schengen Treaty , which formalized aspects of police information exchange across the territory of the European Union , there were worries that much , if not all , of this intelligence sharing was opaque , raising questions about the efficacy of the accountability mechanisms governing police information sharing in Europe ( Joubert and Bevers , 1996 ) .
In 1566 , the first police investigator of Rio de Janeiro was recruited . By the 17th century , most captaincies already had local units with law enforcement functions . On July 9 , 1775 a Cavalry Regiment was created in the state of Minas Gerais for maintaining law and order . In 1808 , the Portuguese royal family relocated to Brazil , because of the French invasion of Portugal . King João VI established the " Intendência Geral de Polícia " ( General Police Intendancy ) for investigations . He also created a Royal Police Guard for Rio de Janeiro in 1809 . In 1831 , after independence , each province started organizing its local " military police " , with order maintenance tasks . The Federal Railroad Police was created in 1852 .
In 2002 , a three judge panel on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals held that classroom recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance in a California public school was unconstitutional , even when students were not compelled to recite it , due to the inclusion of the phrase " under God . " In reaction to the case , Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow , both houses of Congress passed measures reaffirming their support for the pledge , and condemning the panel 's ruling . The case was appealed to the Supreme Court , where the case was ultimately overturned in June 2004 , solely on procedural grounds not related to the substantive constitutional issue . Rather , a five-justice majority held that Newdow , a non-custodial parent suing on behalf of his daughter , lacked standing to sue .
The most-commonly accepted theory is that these events were triggered by the onset of an ice age , in the Hirnantian faunal stage that ended the long , stable greenhouse conditions typical of the Ordovician . The ice age was probably not as long-lasting as once thought ; study of oxygen isotopes in fossil brachiopods shows that it was probably no longer than 0.5 to 1.5 million years . The event was preceded by a fall in atmospheric carbon dioxide ( from 7000ppm to 4400ppm ) which selectively affected the shallow seas where most organisms lived . As the southern supercontinent Gondwana drifted over the South Pole , ice caps formed on it . Evidence of these ice caps have been detected in Upper Ordovician rock strata of North Africa and then-adjacent northeastern South America , which were south-polar locations at the time .
The American bison is a large bovid which inhabited much of western North America prior to the 1800s , living on the prairies in large herds . However , the vast herds of bison attracted market hunters , who killed dozens of bison for their hides only , leaving the rest to rot . Thousands of these hunters quickly eliminated the bison herds , bringing the population from several million in the early 1800s to a few hundred by the 1880s . Conservation efforts have allowed the population to increase , but the bison remains near-threatened .
Not a lot of empirical work on the practices of inter/transnational information and intelligence sharing has been undertaken . A notable exception is James Sheptycki 's study of police cooperation in the English Channel region ( 2002 ) , which provides a systematic content analysis of information exchange files and a description of how these transnational information and intelligence exchanges are transformed into police case-work . The study showed that transnational police information sharing was routinized in the cross-Channel region from 1968 on the basis of agreements directly between the police agencies and without any formal agreement between the countries concerned . By 1992 , with the signing of the Schengen Treaty , which formalized aspects of police information exchange across the territory of the European Union , there were worries that much , if not all , of this intelligence sharing was opaque , raising questions about the efficacy of the accountability mechanisms governing police information sharing in Europe ( Joubert and Bevers , 1996 ) .
The centrality of the " separation " concept to the Religion Clauses of the Constitution was made explicit in Everson v. Board of Education , 330 U.S. 1 ( 1947 ) , a case dealing with a New Jersey law that allowed government funds to pay for transportation of students to both public and Catholic schools . This was the first case in which the court applied the Establishment Clause to the laws of a state , having interpreted the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment as applying the Bill of Rights to the states as well as the federal legislature . Citing Jefferson , the court concluded that " The First Amendment has erected a wall between church and state . That wall must be kept high and impregnable . We could not approve the slightest breach . "
The Bronx has often shown striking differences from other boroughs in elections for Mayor . The only Republican to carry the Bronx since 1914 was Fiorello La Guardia in 1933 , 1937 and 1941 ( and in the latter two elections , only because his 30-32 % vote on the American Labor Party line was added to 22-23 % as a Republican ) . The Bronx was thus the only borough not carried by the successful Republican re-election campaigns of Mayors Rudolph Giuliani in 1997 and Michael Bloomberg in 2005 . The anti-war Socialist campaign of Morris Hillquit in the 1917 mayoral election won over 31 % of the Bronx 's vote , putting him second and well ahead of the 20 % won by the incumbent pro-war Fusion Mayor John P. Mitchel , who came in second ( ahead of Hillquit ) everywhere else and outpolled Hillquit city-wide by 23.2 % to 21.7 % .
However , excessive hunting and poachers have also contributed heavily to the endangerment , extirpation and extinction of many animals , such as the quagga , the great auk , Steller 's sea cow , the thylacine , the bluebuck , the Arabian oryx , the Caspian and Javan tigers , the markhor , the Sumatran rhinoceros , the bison , the North American cougar , the Altai argali sheep , the Asian elephant and many more , primarily for commercial sale or sport . All these animals have been hunted to endangerment or extinction .
Prior to his inauguration , Eisenhower led a meeting of advisors at Pearl Harbor addressing foremost issues ; agreed objectives were to balance the budget during his term , to bring the Korean War to an end , to defend vital interests at lower cost through nuclear deterrent , and to end price and wage controls . Eisenhower also conducted the first pre-inaugural cabinet meeting in history in late 1952 ; he used this meeting to articulate his anti-communist Russia policy . His inaugural address , as well , was exclusively devoted to foreign policy and included this same philosophy , as well as a commitment to foreign trade and the United Nations .
The Government of Punjab is a provincial government in the federal structure of Pakistan , is based in Lahore , the capital of the Punjab Province . The Chief Minister of Punjab ( CM ) is elected by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab to serve as the head of the provincial government in Punjab , Pakistan . The current Chief Minister is Shahbaz Sharif , who became the Chief Minister of Punjab as being restored after Governor 's rule starting from 25 February 2009 to 30 March 2009 . Thereafter got re-elected as a result of 11 May 2013 elections . The Provincial Assembly of the Punjab is a unicameral legislature of elected representatives of the province of Punjab , which is located in Lahore in eastern Pakistan . The Assembly was established under Article 106 of the Constitution of Pakistan as having a total of 371 seats , with 66 seats reserved for women and eight reserved for non-Muslims .
Later fresco replaced the more labor-intensive technique of mosaic in Western-Europe , although mosaics were sometimes used as decoration on medieval cathedrals . The Royal Basilica of the Hungarian kings in Székesfehérvár ( Alba Regia ) had a mosaic decoration in the apse . It was probably a work of Venetian or Ravennese craftsmen , executed in the first decades of the 11th century . The mosaic was almost totally destroyed together with the basilica in the 17th century . The Golden Gate of the St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague got its name from the golden 14th-century mosaic of the Last Judgement above the portal . It was executed by Venetian craftsmen .
Public religion took place within a sacred precinct that had been marked out ritually by an augur . The original meaning of the Latin word templum was this sacred space , and only later referred to a building . Rome itself was an intrinsically sacred space ; its ancient boundary ( pomerium ) had been marked by Romulus himself with oxen and plough ; what lay within was the earthly home and protectorate of the gods of the state . In Rome , the central references for the establishment of an augural templum appear to have been the Via Sacra ( Sacred Way ) and the pomerium . Magistrates sought divine opinion of proposed official acts through an augur , who read the divine will through observations made within the templum before , during and after an act of sacrifice . Divine disapproval could arise through unfit sacrifice , errant rites ( vitium ) or an unacceptable plan of action . If an unfavourable sign was given , the magistrate could repeat the sacrifice until favourable signs were seen , consult with his augural colleagues , or abandon the project . Magistrates could use their right of augury ( ius augurum ) to adjourn and overturn the process of law , but were obliged to base their decision on the augur 's observations and advice . For Cicero , himself an augur , this made the augur the most powerful authority in the Late Republic . By his time ( mid 1st century BC ) augury was supervised by the college of pontifices , whose powers were increasingly woven into the magistracies of the cursus honorum .
The Church of England declared its independence from the Catholic Church at the time of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement . Many of the new Anglican formularies of the mid-16th century corresponded closely to those of contemporary Reformed tradition . These reforms were understood by one of those most responsible for them , the then Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Cranmer , as navigating a middle way between two of the emerging Protestant traditions , namely Lutheranism and Calvinism . By the end of the century , the retention in Anglicanism of many traditional liturgical forms and of the episcopate was already seen as unacceptable by those promoting the most developed Protestant principles .
Protestants also took the initiative in advocating for religious freedom . Freedom of conscience had high priority on the theological , philosophical , and political agendas since Luther refused to recant his beliefs before the Diet of the Holy Roman Empire at Worms ( 1521 ) . In his view , faith was a free work of the Holy Spirit and could , therefore , not be forced on a person . The persecuted Anabaptists and Huguenots demanded freedom of conscience , and they practised separation of church and state . In the early seventeenth century , Baptists like John Smyth and Thomas Helwys published tracts in defense of religious freedom . Their thinking influenced John Milton and John Locke 's stance on tolerance . Under the leadership of Baptist Roger Williams , Congregationalist Thomas Hooker , and Quaker William Penn , respectively , Rhode Island , Connecticut , and Pennsylvania combined democratic constitutions with freedom of religion . These colonies became safe havens for persecuted religious minorities , including Jews . The United States Declaration of Independence , the United States Constitution , and the American Bill of Rights with its fundamental human rights made this tradition permanent by giving it a legal and political framework . The great majority of American Protestants , both clergy and laity , strongly supported the independence movement . All major Protestant churches were represented in the First and Second Continental Congresses . In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , the American democracy became a model for numerous other countries and regions throughout the world ( e.g. , Latin America , Japan , and Germany ) . The strongest link between the American and French Revolutions was Marquis de Lafayette , an ardent supporter of the American constitutional principles . The French Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen was mainly based on Lafayette 's draft of this document . The United Nations Declaration and Universal Declaration of Human Rights also echo the American constitutional tradition .
The Romans are known for the great number of deities they honored , a capacity that earned the mockery of early Christian polemicists . The presence of Greeks on the Italian peninsula from the beginning of the historical period influenced Roman culture , introducing some religious practices that became as fundamental as the cult of Apollo . The Romans looked for common ground between their major gods and those of the Greeks ( interpretatio graeca ) , adapting Greek myths and iconography for Latin literature and Roman art . Etruscan religion was also a major influence , particularly on the practice of augury .
The capital and largest city is Lahore which was the historical capital of the wider Punjab region . Other important cities include Faisalabad , Rawalpindi , Gujranwala , Sargodha , Multan , Sialkot , Bahawalpur , Gujrat , Sheikhupura , Jhelum and Sahiwal . Undivided Punjab is home to six rivers , of which five flow through Pakistani Punjab . From west to east , these are : the Indus , Jhelum , Beas , Chenab , Ravi and Sutlej . Nearly 60 % of Pakistan 's population lives in the Punjab . It is the nation 's only province that touches every other province ; it also surrounds the federal enclave of the national capital city at Islamabad . In the acronym P-A-K-I-S-T-A-N , the P is for Punjab .
The location and terrain of Kathmandu have played a significant role in the development of a stable economy which spans millennia . The city is located in an ancient lake basin , with fertile soil and flat terrain . This geography helped form a society based on agriculture . This , combined with its location between India and China , helped establish Kathmandu as an important trading center over the centuries . Kathmandu 's trade is an ancient profession that flourished along an offshoot of the Silk Road which linked India and Tibet . From centuries past , Lhasa Newar merchants of Kathmandu have conducted trade across the Himalaya and contributed to spreading art styles and Buddhism across Central Asia . Other traditional occupations are farming , metal casting , woodcarving , painting , weaving , and pottery .
Greece has tended to lag behind its European Union partners in terms of Internet use , with the gap closing rapidly in recent years . The percentage of households with access to the Internet more than doubled between 2006 and 2013 , from 23 % to 56 % respectively ( compared with an EU average of 49 % and 79 % ) . At the same time , there has been a massive increase in the proportion of households with a broadband connection , from 4 % in 2006 to 55 % in 2013 ( compared with an EU average of 30 % and 76 % ) . However , Greece also has the EU 's third highest percentage of people who have never used the Internet : 36 % in 2013 , down from 65 % in 2006 ( compared with an EU average of 21 % and 42 % ) .
Following the breakup of the Russian Empire in the aftermath of World War I for a brief period , from 1918 to 1920 , Armenia was an independent republic . In late 1920 , the communists came to power following an invasion of Armenia by the Red Army , and in 1922 , Armenia became part of the Transcaucasian SFSR of the Soviet Union , later forming the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1936 to September 21 , 1991 ) . In 1991 , Armenia declared independence from the USSR and established the second Republic of Armenia .
Very few early Byzantine mosaics survived the Iconoclastic destruction of the 8th century . Among the rare examples are the 6th-century Christ in majesty ( or Ezekiel 's Vision ) mosaic in the apse of the Church of Hosios David in Thessaloniki that was hidden behind mortar during those dangerous times . Nine mosaic panels in the Hagios Demetrios Church , which were made between 634 and 730 , also escaped destruction . Unusually almost all represent Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki , often with suppliants before him .
Renaissance humanism was an activity of cultural and educational reform engaged in by civic and ecclesiastical chancellors , book collectors , educators , and writers , who by the late fifteenth century began to be referred to as umanisti – " humanists " . It developed during the fourteenth and the beginning of the fifteenth centuries , and was a response to the challenge of scholastic university education , which was then dominated by Aristotelian philosophy and logic . Scholasticism focused on preparing men to be doctors , lawyers or professional theologians , and was taught from approved textbooks in logic , natural philosophy , medicine , law and theology . There were important centres of humanism at Florence , Naples , Rome , Venice , Mantua , Ferrara , and Urbino .
